
Andrew Ng, Chief Scientist at Baidu  via 
Deep Grammar Grammar Checking Using Deep Learning on  
My  answer to What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning? 
My  answer to What is the difference between deep learning and usual machine learning? 
Google Inbox will reply to emails for you with machine learning 
My  answer to Will there be a second season of Charlotte (anime)? 
&lt;Where Tangents Meet&gt;, Ep. 4   
50+ Data Science and Machine Learning Cheat Sheets  via 
Machine Learning for Programmers Leap from developer to machine learning practitioner  via 
  We just turned on the official   FAQ Contributions are always welcome 
Monthly time on Twitter 12 minutes. RP class Level 1 Legendary Tweet Mage. Full results 
My stats from  Favourite words 'learning' and 'data'. Average word length 5.01. Intelligence rating Superhuman.
Stanford's CS231n Convolutional Neural Networks class Course Projects Winter 2015   via 
  Congrats  +   team for winning  competition out of 1049 participants 
My  answer to Data mining or machine learning which is a good research choice for those who dont like coding? 
Checking out 101 new external resources and articles about data science, big  on Data Science Central 
Top 50 Data Science Resources The Best Blogs, Forums, Videos and Tutorials to Learn All about Data Science 
Deep Learning at Flickr, Pierre Garrigues 
Hadoop Tutorial &amp; an overview of Hadoop projects 
The case against killer robots, from a guy actually working on artificial intelligence  via 
Facebook AI Director Yann LeCun on His Quest to Unleash Deep Learning and Make Machines Smarter  via 
All Machine Learning Models Have Flaws  via 
Introduction to Bayes Theorem With Python  via 
Dataset Inventorying Tool 
The History of Machine Learning from the Inside Out  
Humanlevel control through Deep Reinforcement Learning  via 
  Data Scientists... and the Rest of Us 
A Deep Convolutional Neural Network that Understands the Sentiment in Images  via 
  ICYMI Microsoft (yes, Microsoft) is now a machine learning powerhouse &amp; you're already using the results 
What To Do During Machine Learning Model Runs  via 
What kind of decision boundaries does Deep Learning (Deep Belief Net) draw? Practice with R and {h2o} package, Tokyo 
Amazing heat map shows massive Chinese New Year migration  via 
The Hot Yet LittleKnown Trend That'll Supercharge AI | WIRED 
A Tour of Machine Learning Algorithms  via 
My answer to What Machine Learning algorithms do I need to know before I get into Deep Learning? 
An Introduction to Text Mining using Twitter Streaming API and Python  via 
Checking out Practical Data Science in Python Guidebook on Data Science Central 
The Face Detection Algorithm Set To Revolutionise Image Search  &gt;
I Thought Of Sharing These 7 Machine Learning Concepts With You 
Microsoft says its new computer vision system can outperform humans  via 
  Everything you need to know to become a data scientist.  
My answer to Where can I find large datasets open to the public? 
My answer to How do I learn data mining? 
 via 
Social media numbers The data quality challenge 
Answer by  to What are the three top algorithms that every data scientist should have in their toolbox? 
Answer by  to What does David Karger think about the future of machine learning? 
PhotoTime is a deep learning application for the rest of us  via  thanks 
Answer by John Purcell to If programming languages were countries, which country would each language represent? 
Answer by  to How long before R overtakes SAS and SPSS? 
Four great data science, big data, and  deep machine learning books  via  thanks 
 yo bro