
  China's CCTV shows India without Kashmir and Arunachal Pradesh, while our PM is there. Our response? Nil. 
  This is the reason why  is trending worldwide. Utterly shameful. So  
  How fake is Indian Media  
  Nepalis say 

 ,Indians say  

 so hey 


  KB fake news  fail
Exposng KV  fail
Latak gaya video  fail
Banning   fail
 4   0

  And who else bt bhaktards coming to d rescue of   Apne waalon ka cheer haran hota hua dekha nahin jaa raga 

   IPS officer who derailed Ishrat Jahan Probe,appointed as CBI Joint Director  ~  
  Inauguration of PWD Drain at Village Jhadoda in Najafgarh Constituency.  
  U wanted 2 see tdys video?ArvindKejriwal's Sahyog Rally    
  Manish sisodiya orders probe by anti corruption branch against principle and teacher. Well done AAP 
         
  Media will Never c this. They've every reason 2 find FAULT in AAP but NO REASON 2 Appreciate Gud Work of  
   Ooo yaa Bhakts ;) 
Another Election Promise Fulfilled by AAP .. No Election Jumlas OK  
  . Indian Team need you back in the squad.  if you agree.

  There is a limit to how high you can go, but depth of your lowness can be infinite 
  It has begun. The revolution has begun.    
  Jai Hind to all AAP volunteers who worked 100000 times harder than us  AAPtard and Proud 
   trending at number 1 worldwide )   
  . will win the  He's telegenic and reassuring, even as promises a revolution. 
  Why doesn't BJP govt act against HSBC officials? They will spill the beans. US did precisely that(3/3)
  Deployed volunteers to keep round the clock vigil on premises housing EVMs
  Vote for AAP, my BJP Friends. Never make anyone the most Powerful. )  
Ab Hoga  
 
 
  Hindu Muslim dono Khush Haal 
Only n Only With  
 
  
 
  Donations Today Rs 73,32,806 by 2,165 donors   
  Media towards BJP and AAP.

Who is more loyal to his Master.
Dog or Media ?

 
  Col Sehrawat's election symbol Broom is on No.1 on the Bijwasan EVM machine,Do support him   
  Donations to  TodayRs 77,08,243 by 2,2247 donors   
 
  BJP campaigning van has been littering pamphlets all around Central Delhi. What happened to Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan? 
  New twist in AVAM allegations. Video surfaced shows AVAM members were bribed to mud AAP.   
  This clarifies AAP's funding process. Please share extensively.   
   |  AAP takes lead,  top choice for Delhi CM.

  
  So where is BJP's new CM candidate, Vikas Bedi? Born yesterday, silenced today? ;)
data structures sorting searching and graph algorithms 3rd edition pts 1 5 ebook pdf 
  Shocking Control tag of EVM used in my constituency found on road Full possibility of EVM tampering 
  What about this ??? 
  what about this???? now AAP is B team of BJP , right?? why so biased?? 
  Australia beat England by 281 runs, win Ashes series 50 
  I sincerely believe that it will be disastrous for the country (if  comes to power), says PM. 
  We will try that within 1520 days, we will pass the Jan Lokpal for Delhi Arvind Kejriwal
  A govt that responds on twitter )   And the problem has been fixed... 