Adelaide night  ! 
 isn't he a dude!?

Aussie Easter 
Filmed that a long time ago, happy it's finally out

Me and the Sesame Street dudes - 
  Hearing  is  in the midweek UK charts!  !!!

 wot?

Pastry dippin'

Just had two jumbo sausage rolls and I'm really happy about. Used a fancy glass to put my ketchup in and you can't tell me nuffin

Adelaide night  ! 
Adelaide night  ! 
 catchy

Love me a good wok and noodles. Wok wok wok, ready to play Adelaide tonight

Bloodstream is out this week and miiiiiiiight end up  if you lovely people buy it now, be a doll plz fanks -  xx

Playing my first stadiums shows in the USA in September, more details announced soon, but very exciting

 not bad innit? I'm excited

Just ate a crocodile, role reversal

 s'alright fanks

 you need to tweet abit more mate

    is your  co-host: 
 - scooter Braun, original quote

Melbourne night  ! 
  How could we resist the opportunity?    
Bloodstream with   is out now in the UK, grab it here innit, plus a brand new song - 
Life goals 
   with our bro  is OUT NOW! Download it here ---&gt; 
Melbourne night  ! 
Bloodstream with  is out now in the UK ! Buy the EP and get a brand new song of mine here -  xx

Stu is in his element 
Cricket World Cup final, what an atmosphere 
Melbourne night 1 ! 
 thank you for having me Jess !

Wait, I'm in Australia, I got the time zone messed up, it's out in 24 hours, pre order it though and be darling would ya

Bloodstream with me &amp;  comes out in 10 minutes in the UK ! There's a brand new song on the EP too. -


Australia !  new song 'wasn't expecting that' is up for pre order now, it's fantastic - 
Sydney night  ! 
 retweet

 fuck yeah

nachos nachos nachos NACHOS yep

Sydney night  
 precisely. Everything is awesome

Lego movie time

 -

Sydney night  ! 
 I'm in Australia but just say I'm on tomorrow morning and no one will notice

Been told by the vocal doc not to talk at all between shows and they're giving me a white board to communicate with, could prove interesting

Our day continues with milkshakes 
We took stu out for the day to go to adventure land and he's really excited about it 
Thanks to Ray Liotta for an amazing performance, what a champ

Bloodstream official music video - 
Bloodstream video is dropping at 6pm UK time. Il be asleep coz I'm in Australia so look out for it on my Facebook - 

Tune into  right now for some announcement

  Hello Sydney!!! Not long now before a big announcement, 7pm-ish Aussie time, 8am-ish UK time. It's big!!!

 I'm now gonna make a mixtape with 40 minutes of me making animal noises and give it to people to Christmas

  I f-ing love the Internet. *drops mic* 
 that's the best thing ever, ever ever

 tootles found his marbles

Alright  - 
Brisbane night  ! 
 go get dat. see you and the family soon

 i love that you sign off your quotes with your own name

Bad dreams

voice gone = another night in with a curry

Brisbane night  ! 
  thank you so much for having me, some real talent there !

guidinski is in town, he needs a translator and a cuddle

 not my tempo

 oh we won!? hell yeah

 bout time

 best thing to happen to the Internet since the creation of memes

Whiplash - what a movie

wrecked, gonna have myself a curry and watch a movie

Brisbane night  ! 
 ello

Damn man flu go away

Love this cover of Bloodstream by  and  So so good, thank you !! - 
Dentist then studio, casual day at the office

  . X has become one of the biggest sellers of the DECADE. Full story:  
Me and Rudimental's song Bloodstream is coming out soon. Preorder it here and get a brand new song - 
Kendrick album is brilliant

Second breakfast, get in me

Back in Australia, Brisvegas ello there

  New video with our brother  coming Monday!! 

I love napping

Kuala Lumpur! 
 don't worry about what anyone else says man. Enjoy yourself with it, that's what singing is about, not what other people think

Happy Mother's Day to all the great mums out there x

 I still haven't seen it and feel left out

Autocorrect can duck right off

 seek help

 not even you are safe with you

P.s, that's not actually my kid, but thanks

My son is a little dude 
Singapore ! 
Manila ! 
 man I love it, and the video is amazing !

 I'm trying to help ! 
Manila is incredible, I'm so excited for this concert

  you're both the best ever

Hong Kong 
  the records we sell fund the next generation of singers, no ones killing anything, stop moaning

God bless Korea 
 and behind every good man, there is a chair

Seoul 

Thinking out loud has hit  across all major radio formats in America this week. Never thought that would happen, so so cool

Shanghai 
Just driven past a pharmacy in Shanghai called Pum Pharm

Dubai 
Zane Lowe's last show on radio 1 today. I wouldn't be where I am without him and his support, good luck with everything man, and thank you x

Doha 
Mumbai 
Muscat 
 I was so close to saying that too

Love you everyone xx

Congratulations to everyone else too,  you champ   congrats on your 1st !

All I say is George Ezra has had a phenomenal year, regardless of a statue he has had an amazing year and is a career artist

Thank you so much for the two Brits. Album of the year, speechless, so chuffed

One last time, tweet  please xx

I have a chance of winning another Brit tonight for best video. Please tweet  and get everyone you know to aswell, fanks xx

Happy to announce a second date for Croke Park on the 25th of July !

 yay

 this one won't make your news will it ladz   . defending  
Brit awards today. I'm performing on it so tune in on itv

 you need to cheer up mate

Long ol' day innit

Did a cover of Coco for  today - 
 you need to do one shot before you go home 
 thanks so much for letting me play what I want today, I loved it so much

  fanks for having us

Oi  I covered you - 
  Today the delightful  is doing a Live Lounge special on my show on 
   trend that 
On with  
 SEE YOU IN A BIT YEH

And I'm still full from last nights MEGA meal

Tune into  all morning til 1pm, they won't get rid of me until then, I'm hosting, being interviewed and playing a 6 song live lounge x

Meat and shake = pregnant

Live lounge sorted finally, tune into  tomorrow from 7am, I'm on til 1pm doing stuff

 I told you to steal him goddammit

 I actually really like that song

Bloodstream video coming soon

Found out the song I learnt for live lounge tomorrow mornin is banned, so back to the drawing board, open to suggestions...

Touring North America soon, get tickets here - 
Thanks to Ant &amp; Dec for having me on, loved playing with the Royal Marines 
 you should see me when I'm actually massaging ears. Always a happy ending

 nah soz

  Tonight Ant and Dec are joined by    and little Ant and Dec! 7 PM on ITV 
  I make the best pasta

  Can  dance his way into the final five for our  British Video category?! Vote  
 nothing to do with me, lemme send an email

I couldn't resist it. Croke park July 24, tickets on sale next week x

Sung some Stevie Wonder songs last week with Beyonce and Gary Clark Jr. last week and it was awesome. Check it out 
 
  he's lying, he didn't get me anything

The breakfast option this morning is a chicken Kiev, when in Rome. Or Tallinn. Om nom nom

Tallinn ! 
  that song is such a fuckin jam, playing it full blast in the dressing room

It's exactly the same guitar that I use live and I can safely say it's awesome

Bringing out my second charity signature guitar too, which is exciting. Pre order today 
Thanks for all the birthday messages, you are all the best

  Watch Beyonce's powerhouse Stevie Wonder tribute medley with Ed Sheeran and Gary Clark Jr. 
Riga ! 
Yay I'm 24

Vilnius ! 
Warsaw ! 
   continues in The Ghost Train tonight  and  next week 
Prague ! 
 yesssssss, I'm excited

And here's where you can listen to it - 
Here's the link for my new single with   


Single dropping at 7pm uk time, he's a teaser... 
  Our new single 'Bloodstream' with  is hitting radio tonight!! 
Had a brilliant time performing with these two tonight at the Stevie Wonder tribute 
 in all seriousness, where is my drink?

Just bumped into gaga she's fetching me a drink. God bless the press 
I'm dropping my new single tomorrow 7pm uk time, listen out for it

Newspapers are writing stories based on tweets from a fake parody account, that's what it's come to

Just posted a photo 
I announced a USA tour today - 
All is well 
 your goatee makes me happy

 are you at the grammys? If so, let's do shots

 fanks :)

Both my albums are now platinum in America ! Yay 
  Don't miss the final night of  hosting the  tonight at 12:35am on CBS with musical guest 
 gabbxieiaknagdyurbbfiosmsiurm liiiifestyyyle

 your eyebrow has been listening to Spice Girls - 2 become 1

 did you catch him doing anything?

 rugged

 yes Jessie !! X

Also doing my own solo performance with Herbie Hancock,  and  in the show. Very excited about that one

If you missed the announcement earlier I'm performing a duet with Jeff Lynne and ELO on Sunday at the grammys, tune in !

 in and out too. Umami is usually my jam though

Back in the USA. Got a million and 2 rehearsals this week for a million and 3 things, but I just ate a burger so it's fine

 just bought your compilation album and it's brilliant

  that's the way, uh huh uh huh, I like it

They should make a pan au chocolat bed, a legit one, you sleep in and the melted chocolate is your duvet, midnight snack sorted

  oh shit. God help you Gavin

 that's happened to me 4 times now on this new phone

This man flu keep morphing

Nantes ! 
 I was hoping you would tweet back the thug life video of the dude saying '5 inches deep in your mom'. Alas

 no it's the game. What are you, 5!?

Got well into Pokemon again on this tour. My team is strong, come at me bro

Paris ! 
i have man flu, apologies if i cough on the front row tonight and tomorrow

 i almost did that tune there

 you should visit, the wine is bangin

Clermont Ferrand ! 
 yes yes yes !!!

Amneville ! 
Zurich ! 
 love the show ! hopefully see you soon

Lovely to meet Fink for the first time yesterday, what a lad 
Milan ! 
 just seen this, soz for beating you

 no, but i love it !

    love that !!

My opening act on this euro run is  he's awesome, check him out and say hi after the shows by the merch stand ! CD's on sale there

  Watch  lap on the  track again: 
 set us a freebie and il pop in

Rome ! 
Rome ! 
Someone just mistook me for Boris Johnson and I wish I was joking

Watched the Shaun the Sheep movie yesterday and loved it, go and watch it. Pesky little sheep

 this has made my year, i'm thrilled you like it, you are one of the reasons i do what i do

I'm on top gear tonight, tune in !

 udabest

Had a fantastic time tonight filming storytellers. Thank you to Whelans for putting it on, such a fantastic venue

Going on now, tune in on MTV uk and VH1 in the states ! 
Massive thanks for Warner Ireland and all the Irish fans for making X 9 times platinum. So cool 
It's gonna be greeeeeeeeeeeeat

Just finished the dress rehearsal and getting ready for the big show airing live tonight on vh1 in the US and MTV in Europe 
I love being back in Ireland

I'm doing VH1 storytellers tonight, it's live from Whelans in Dublin all across the world on your tv at different times, check it out

And I didn't crash on top gear, I went off road. Was my first time driving ever. Tune in Sunday to see what actually happened

You can watch my Radio 2 concert online now - 
Performing on the One show at 7ish tonight too, tune into bbc one innit

Tune into radio 2 tonight to hear me in concert, or its live on the red button on your tv

 that's made my day

 course

Had a brilliant time filming top gear today. Tune in on Sunday

Excited to perform at 1 American school thanks to  Enter for a chance to bring  
 I really hope your kids never get Twitter

 ha !! You old school label people love an excuse to get back on it

I'm driving for the first time ever today, on a race track, on tv. Wish me luck


i helped write this song for  check out the video - 
New songs new songs new songs

 my place at the convent has already been saved, just in case

 yikes, thanks for the heads up

 is that Latin for reach around?

 that's brilliant

Watched the theory of everything today and was blown away. Great performances

 little does she know of our plan to use the '22 pictures of ed sheerans fat face' compilation on said adverts

Another great piece of journalism from the observer

  Big congrats to our patron  on your Brit nominations. You inspire our children - including Emmie: 
There's a few rounds of voting so please forgive me if I ask you to vote every week, u da best

To vote for the British Artist Video of The Year just tweet  to vote. Please and fank you xx (one vote per account)

 I really hope you win it and just carry it around like a bawse for a month

   is bringing  to one lucky campus. Spread the word and enter here for a chance to win!  
 fuckin congrats !!

 people need to realise you are the arch bishop of banterbury, and thank you !

finally got round to watching peaky blinders, love it

 i can live in it, its really enjoyable

  Big news:  will return to the GRAMMY stage 2/8 to perform on Music's Biggest Night!  
usa people, cougar town have a brand new never before heard song of mine on their show today, tune in !

 fuck yeah

Live within your memes

Port Isla - 
happy new year everyone. heres me playing a stevie wonder song on last nights jools holland - 
Ready for New Years annihilation 
I'm on the Jools Holland Hootenanny tonight playing lots of songs, and also on New Years top of the pops, tune in ! And happy new year !

 once i get a comb il be unstoppable. can't wait to hear it !

 rarseclart MBE. sick

  UK certifications (  x 6x Platinum 
multiply is now 6x platinum in the uk, which has matched my first album, which i didn't think i could do. god bless christmas

 I'm with  and we agree you have all the fans

 groovy

my goal for 2015 is to bring back the word 'snazzy'

 come watch a show, my treat. Then you can judge me on an actual live show rather than a 3 minute tv performance to track, deal?

 course you're the ultimate dadLAD

 fantastic as always. You have a festive time with the Fam?

 think your phones broken son

Merry Christmas everyone, i'm on christmas top of the pops today on BBC wearing a silly jumper and playing a song x

 i just bought it on iTunes, looking forward to watching it

I'm about that cheese and cracker life. Put a grape on it

 i meant thats our name innit

 wrong direction?

  patrick is the best and is bringing true rock back

   Thanks for your tweet Stewart, we'll be sure to pass on your feedback.

 
 you too ! Drink the pub dry !x

 ballin'

11th week at  and 5 times platinum. UK, udabes

 yes Damo, fuckin smashed the shit out of this year

That's Christmas lunch sorted then 
 merry Christmas to you too man !! Have a great one

 I promise I was more over the moon than I look in the picture

 shut up

  9pm NBC  on The Voice

 or this 
 I'm willing to bet that they are under 12, live in the middle of nowhere, and look like this - 
 you rocked it tonight man

 no worries at all dude, let's have drinks soon

My mates Christmas present to me is the best gift I've ever gotten 
Playing Photograph for the first time ever on TV today, tune in UK X factor tonight, I'm well excited

 
 Jesus, I better look busy then

Had fun at the voice of Germany today, back to London now to film the X factor final tomorrow. playing photograph on TV for the first time

 lovely catching up today man, good luck with Sunday !

 lovely to see you !

 you're such a legend

  UK certifications (  x 4x Platinum 
 
 yayayay

Won British artist of the year tonight and I'm BUZZIN' 
 legend

 chocolate 4 u

 thank you !!

To vote for me for the bbc awards please text SONG 3 to 84400 and il love you forever and give you chocolate

  You have just over 4 hours to vote for Song of the Year at the  Vote here:  
  . up for Song of the Year at  for SING! Go vote for him at 
Nominated for song of the year for bbc awards, voting closes at 7 UK time, if you have a moment please vote for meh - 
  The Song of the Year vote is now open until 7.20pm! Have your say here:   
 i really like this

drive thru

 the strulla oil never cakes up

 thanks bro !

Playing with a huge band today. Horns and everything, it's super fun

Go and watch him.   Happy to announce my very first headline UK tour :) tickets go on sale Friday x 
 yep

  hel think it's as amazing as everyone else I'm sure, u kool, u kool

 you've changed, man

 now and then

Pre recording so many tv shows in UK at the moment, if you're a fan il be on your TV a lot in the next few weeks, if you're not, soz m8

 bruh bruh

 meh

  Next Saturday at the  we'll be joined by international iconic man of music (+ v. nice fella)  
 you was a young one

 fanks

The same people doubting 4 years ago are now the ones taking credit

    
 il come soon as this promo hell is over, deal?

Day  of wearing a Christmas jumper

 you're doin' it right

 I'm eating one now

  He's done it again!  returns to  with Thinking Out Loud:  
    is at  with his version of  Make It Rain, recorded for the penultimate episode of 
 Jesus no, I can't even drive

That is the question 
Just posted a video 
 
If you want free tickets, send a picture of the Michelin man to  and hel sort you out

 steak, fries and that grrriiiiiillllll

 no it's not stop lying

I found out Santa is actually green and was turned red by coca cola for branding. My life is a lie

 deal

 wear something slutty to the Grammys

It's that time 
  Congrats  Album Of The Year noms       
ALBUM OF THE YEAR NOMINATION !!!!! Holy shitballs

 congrats to you too you champ

I see fire got a Grammy nomination, which is my favourite thing ever. Thanks to the powers that be for that

 you too !! See you later home slice, wel do a celebratory dance to this - 
Grammy nom and my album multiply has sold 3 million worldwide as of this morning. Good start to the day, thanks for all the support and love

  GRAMMY nominees already today,  &amp;  earlier on   
San Fran ! 
For all the people out there who were curious 
water is legit

 keep being you

 thanks so much man,  will love this tweet

Released a brand new song yesterday, I like it a lot, check it out -  
 the same story has been written about by that lot 3 times this year

Doing the Victoria secrets fashion show tonight and I'm eating a Greggs sausage roll in the dressing room

 yep

    X has hit a HUGE sales milestone! Full story:  
New song out today, Make it Rain -


I released a brand new song today on iTunes. I did a cover of  for the penultimate sons of anarchy episode, I'm really proud of it

Going to see the new hobbit tonight and I'm WELL excited

 I know I ordered the whole menu 3 times once and it cost me $36, $36, for everything

Eating Doritos at 6am 
 next year for sure !

 soz

Surround sound is some trippy shit

We were all hungover when we filmed this - 
 preach !

  Here's that moment where Aimee met  and then performed with him!   
 nah

4 cities 3 planes the same day fo real

 I have your album on iTunes and physical now coz I'm a super fanboy

Paris &gt; Newcastle &gt; Dublin &gt; Birmingham. Long day. But the drinking begins now

 of course you can ! :)

I donated all my favourite clothes to  including all my hoodies. The auction starts today here - 
 yeah, I'm up for it, but you have to tell me who you're making do it now

 who you getting to sing in Japanese?

 niiiiice

Best link to get wembley tickets is -  - on sale now !

General sale for the wembley stadium gigs starts today at 9am UK time - 
  On sale at 9am today:  THREE huge dates  Head here for tickets:  
Cold pasta for breakfast coz I feel like it

Paris ! 
  Next Tuesday. This guy is going to Make It Rain on  -&gt;  December 2nd  
 can't flippin' wait !

  My buddy  debuts a new song by Foy Vance next Tuesday on  

MAKE IT RAIN. 

teddysphotos's photo 
 I'm overweight, send me one plz, that can your good deed 
 hope you win !

Just posted a photo 
 just a regular weekend, you know

 thanksgiving innit

  Wow,  just announced a second Wembley Stadium show. Get  tickets now:  
Second night at Wembley stadium on sale now 
Wembley stadium presale starts 10am UK time on 
  If you haven't got a Wembley email go to  at 10am UK time and follow the access presale link

December 2nd 
  The new issue of Q is out today - get a copy now 

 
 it was a kit kat chunky

Eating all the chocolate in the mini bar

Madrid ! 
Barcelona ! 
 save me some yo

My Wembley stadium tickets are released later this week, if you're on O2 you can get them first here - 
Lyon ! 
 ello treacle

 I'd watch it

 no, we achieved a lot, let's celebrate the barfly journey allie

 I give a shit

  absolute legend

 understood

 always with the courvoisier

 you're dads a champ

 if I say what I wanna say Itl look wrong and il be mean to you

 I didn't wanna say man, but it was my valentines gift to her last year. 2 favourite boiz

 pleasure to have you. If you want some, il give it ya

  
Can everyone leave  alone please. He's my mate, he just can't handle the 
Milan ! 
 loved it man !

Here's a brand new tour diary - 
 omgomgomgomgomg

  
Zurich ! 
 there's a Blount buried in my local church who was Henry VIII's illegitimate kid. Are you related to him? If so, fair play

Frankfurt ! 
  Now  'Sing' - one of the  of 2014. Vote here 
My mum makes the coolest jewellery, and Christmas is coming, go onto  and have a look. She ships worldwide x

People in the USA, my book came out today there, check it out - 
Munich ! 
 maybe abit more

 let's not go overboard. I could manage a few days

 I just tweeted a reply and felt too bad. I love you

i love a good spreadsheet

 i quite liked it

here is the video aswell,  x

the band aid 30 single is out now - 
  For on sale dates for  at  click here:  
July 2015 the multiply tour ends here 
Wembley stadium advert - 
 plus, don't talk to me about colours when you made come taste the rainbow

 that's coz it's the top of the other chart

 while I was doing that you were choosing colour schemes for your flat to be painted

 your tweets are drier than the meat you're eating

One of my favourite songs of this year is out today, go grab it here -  
 of course

More details being announced tomorrow. In the mean time, here's a cool advert  shot for it - 
If you missed my big announcement it was that I'm ending the multiple tour at Wembley stadium next year playing solo, should be pretty fun

Band aid 30 music video airs tonight on the X factor uk, tune in, get donating

Stuttgart ! 
I'm finishing off my multiply tour headlining Wembley stadium on my own next year. More details to come. - 
If you find this funny, we can be friends 
If you can think of a better way to spend a friday night 
Drink a bottle of red wine on the plane back then watched the s club reunion on my phone when I landed

Berlin ! 
Looking forward to recording the  single this weekend, thank you to  for getting me there and back.

 you too ! Xx

And it's not that I'm doing band aid, coz I am doing that, l'll tell ya now

Remember I have a big announcement coming on Monday, don't forget plz fanks

Just ate loads of mac and cheese and fried chicken. And a hot dog. And a burger. Oh and some chips. And onion rings.   
 you loyal

 thats all i needed to know. coz it was only meant to be temporary, so I've been scared since 2010

 if you ever take calabrese off of the menu i will cry/sue/cry some more

I don't even know what pizza express has on the menu other than a calabrese coz that's all I've eaten there ever

  they wouldn't want me coz i look like a student

 yes mate

Alright dad 
 ledge

 hope so, see you soon !

 it's such a good record man, looped it around 4 times on this journey home !

Really loving this Logic album

  the tully/juice but was weird as fuck

Stockholm ! 
 preach

Copenhagen ! 
I wrote a song called '18' on the new one direction album, the song is released today at 4pm uk time x

 yes Trev !

 dats right, loving the show man, it's epic

 you smart, you loyal

I've just been sending this meme to everyone 
 
 yes?

Who wants to come to one of these with me? It looks incredible - 
Huge announcement coming 1 week today

 not my era so just picked a classic innit

You can check out my  cover on  the album, out today on iTunes: 
 the struggle is real

Just posted a photo 
Playing on the EMA's tonight, tune in on channel 5 and/or MTV, depending on how fancy yo' TV be

 I imagine your body to be nothing but hair, no skin showing whatsoever

Back in Glasgow for the EMA's tomorrow

 like that time we made that song naked

 just watched it and it's incredible as well

 zoom zoom

This is incredible 
  whoop !

  Rick Rubin revisits Weinstein Dorm at NYU   
 I swear it was in trend at the time but I don't think it was

 life goals 
 I have love fluff, but il get there

Bart simpson is 35

 and the swindon mecca bingo hall gig !

 its a flipping fire engine mate

 this is genuinely what I wanted my second album cover to be, I was gonna call it 'no more Mr nice guy'

So devastated to hear Katie has passed away. Prayers are with her family.

Follow  for all announcements involving everything ever

 :(

 poor, poor comeback.

 your comeback banter game is off.

 I can see that by your profile picture man, you're a braver man than me wearing that shirt

 its the song that keeps on giving

Warm glass, cold drink. Nah mate

Hamburg ! 
 boys waiting for an 'audition'?

Got this remix done of Thinking Out Loud. Give it a listen on  and il give you a virtual hug 
Check out my opening acts on this tour,  and  go say hi to them after the shows too!

Definitely broke the door handle off of the back lounge of the bus and now trapped in. I have the Simpsons but I also need to pee

Started watching every simpson episode from the beginning. The first season has some dark themes looking back at it, but still awesome

 did you take the photo with your nose?

nominated for favourite male and favourite album for the people's choice awards, if you have time, you can vote hur - 
Brussels ! 
Amsterdam ! 
 fanks :)

 he's not on the guest list for that one, he's coming to the Poland gig though

  ALL ABOUT IT MUSIC VIDEO FT.  
I did a song and video with  I'm actually in this one - 
 oh shit

 cool

 I didn't get you anything, my bad

 Mulan created the hype

 my eyebrows are see through so that wouldn't work out for me

 what the hell is a man bun?

Hoodie Allen ft me coming at 3pm tomorrow New York time. Look out for it x 
 I can sort you out the dudes number who can hook you up

 not bad eh? Makes a change from 2008

    Thinking Out Loud claims longest climb to Number 1 ever!  
 tayto knows the score

Holy shit 
 you're so English and you don't even know it

 but dey are so gud

 I've got bags of the stuff 
 you know what they are? This is why I like you

 people need to write better then innit

Time for a bag of Worcester sauce crisps isn't it

   thank you all for the letters

 I won't stop thinking out loud :)

 or letter's, I've just found more

 thanks for letter Ashley :)

 your first p.s on the letter made me chuckle a lot

 thanks for my letter lotty !

 thank you for my letter :)

 thank you very much for my letter :)

 thank you for my letter !

  thank you both for the letter, and your other friend who wrote on the back, but I couldn't make out her Twitter

 thanks for the card, and the air freshener. Random, I like that

 thanks for reading the book and for my letter !

 thank you for my letter :)

 thank you for my letter !

 thank you very much for my letter !

 thank you for my letter !

 thank you for the letter :)

 of course I love her as much as you do, GoT is my jam

 thanks for the wonderful drawing !

  thanks for the badass card

 thank you for my letter !

 thank you for the 3 letters, il make sure I check everyone out

 thanks for the water colour, it's amazing

 thanks for the keyring !

 thanks for the letter and dragon sticker. Your dog looks like a champ

 thanks for the letter :)

  thank you both for the letter !

 thank you for your letter !

 sorry I can't make the wedding but send on my congratulations please

 thank you for the letter !

 I loved the card :)

 i keep letting out my inner wolf

 thank you very much for my letter !

 just got the cd, looking forward to listening, keep up the music man, write a song a day and do a gig a day x

  just read you letter, thank you !

 thank you for my lovely card !

 yes mate ! I got your email but have been so run off my feet the past week, soon as I hit Europe I'm replying to my inbox x

 thanks for the beautiful drawing, keep it up !

 thanks for the letter and drawing !

 stu says thank you for his letter, I actually read it for him, soz

 thank you for the letter and bracelet !

 thank you for the letter and Polaroid !

 thanks for your letter !

 thanks for the cd! Keep it up !

 thank you very much for the cd !

  thank you for the letter and bracelet !

 thanks for the pick :)

 thank you for your letter !

 thank you for the notebook !

 thank you for the letter !

 thank you for your letter !

 thanks for the drawing and the letter !

 thanks for the Lego figures

 thanks for the letter !

 thank you for the book !

 thank you for the letter and drawing !

 you can check 2 things off your list now

 thanks for your letter !

Glasgow night  ! 
  Ed Sheeran is in town at the Hydro tonight. Remember to lock valuable out of sight when leaving vehicles unattended.

I should wear the costume for the gig but the frills get tangled up in my guitar, soz

Yeah baby 
Song done, back to Glasgow for the gig

 he rocks the look well

This is easily one of the best songs of the year - 
 might actually do that

If you're coming to today's Glasgow gig please dress up for Halloween

   I'm a shit host, but il come and watch and be supportive by drinking another energy drink brand

 I was asked by 3 of the teams to hop up but I'm gigging in Glasgow. Last time I clashed anyone was manga at 
 I'm so pissed I'm not watching it

Glasgow without a doubt is the most mental crowd on the planet. And there's a 24 hour Greggs here. Win win

Glasgow night  
Manchester  
Just finished up the book signing. Thank you you all for turning up, it's officially the largest signing they've had here so that's alright

Manchester night  
Go grab yourself  new album, it just came out and it's stellar  - 
  My last tweet tonight.

It's here.

    

    


Tune into X factor uk tonight, I'm playing thinking out loud on it x

 you ain't ready

 hai

Newcastle ! 

Did enjoy it though, just confused at the ending

Just watched 'neds'. I have no idea what just happened

 bit premature innit?

Nottingham night  ! 
 currently?

Nottingham night  ! 
 legit

'Don't' became my first ever top 10 in America today - fanks  I know it's like your 28th but it's still awesome

Playing  home town tonight int we

 snap !

 jimmy but it's cool

Won best solo act ! Thanks to wretch for presenting this. Ledge 
Got nominated for best album in the people's choice awards, only takes one click so please click innit - 
 yayayayayayay omgomgomg

Q awards today

 
 I bought your album 4 times yesterday coz yolo. Got me a nice shiny vinyl too

 thats not shit is it

Blasting the chupa chups mixtape

 you're my life goal

 but you smell nice so that balances it

 I know you're not 35 but you don't shave, dont really wear shoes and have had a 'robe' stage more than once

Birmingham night  
 he asked me to do the festival next year a few weeks ago funnily enough and i couldn't do it due to another gig

Birmingham night  ! 
Just added as a first on support on tour  Check both him and  on the whole of this uk and Europe run x

  So excited to be sharing new music with you all!

 that's super awesome ! Thank you very much x

Birmingham ! 
  The Vote for Best British Single is now open! Make sure you have your say and vote!  
This is the best t shirt I own 
Chilling with mace windu 
London night  ! 
 yes mate

I support   campaign. Sign the petition when you have a free moment : 
back to the studio today to lay down more new songs

switching my phone off today

London night  
Book is out nationwide now, have a read will ya 
I feature on the new  album and it's out now in the USA. Go do the right thing and get it innit - 
Me and  are bringing out something special next year... Stay tuned for details

 it smells like sweat and shame

 yet

 I'm glad you're finally coming clean about us


London night  ! 
Thinking out loud (behind the scenes) - 
london guest list ends up being more stressful than the actual gig itself

  lend us a tenner mate

Thinking out loud behind the scenes video goes up at 3pm uk time today

Jessie ware's album is out today. I do some musical stuff on it, check it out - 
  Miss  at the O2 last night? Don't panic - you can still get to know him a little better here 
 you da best

London night  ! 
 coz you're texting the wrong phone innit

Playing the first of 4 sold out O2's today. Slightly mental thinkin about it

Catching up with sons of anarchy with a kebab

Leeds ! 
 i was just there, went to a 'dog blessing' at the local church, was so odd

If ya haven't seen my new music video, check it out here - 
 thank you man ! took a bit of work but very chuffed with how it came out, hope you're good

now i'm watching goggle box on the ol' tv, this show is incredible

watched dracula untold tonight and loved it

 fanks

 hope you got the poppers

 never looked better Dave

  Tonight on Austin City Limits: a brand new episode featuring Ed Sheeran and Valerie June. 
Hozier album is stellar

Just had lunch with one of my all time musical hero's and it was incredible. Just had to tell the world that, soz

 ya lil legend

 hes a true legend like yourself sir

 hel give you a big cuddle though

 stuart can do anything for love, but he won't do that

oh, mine and  book is out nationwide today in most shops where you can find books, its classy as fuqq

Thinking out loud (official video) - 
 loving it !!!

If you want guestlist for shows please message Stuart, I'm not sorting anything

Belfast night  
 top lad

Thanks to Rory for being so sweet to my wee Granny. What a ledge 
this has been my biggest video launch to date, so chuffed with the reaction. behind the scenes video coming monday - 
  fanks

 if you get simpsons, fresh prince, malcom in the middle and buffy back on BBC2, then we can talk

 thats the first time thats ever happened with one of my videos !

Please keep sharing my new music video - 
 I thought it was about hookers and blow?

  awesome shit

Thinking out loud (official video) - 
I've learned to dance...

Thinking out loud video drops in 1 hour

6 or 6 plus?

 its classy as fuq

my book is out on thursday, grab it here - 
   and  phi book getting close... 
Thinking out loud video is dropping tomorrow at 3pm UK time, you're gonna love it

Dublin night  ! 
 squelch

Gonna sit in a sauna and attempt to sweat this illness away

 same

Dublin night  
Dublin night  
 awkward yet amazing autospell

Dublin night  
I can't think of a good caption but this is awesome 
  To celebrate being on tour with  I am giving away a FREE EP. Details are here: 
 hell. Yes.

18

    you're the man brother


  8 years on ! Legends

Please vote for  at the mobos coz he is a legend - 
I love  
It's really sad that this suffolk charity can no longer be funded. Click here to donate - 
 no, have a lie in for gods sake

 ye

  yay ! Come to my show after yes plz?

Aussie and NZ tour dates are sold out so I've added more - 
 very chuffed that you like it !

I covered  today in the live lounge, check it out - 
  
Playing on  live lounge this morning, tune in x

iTunes festival ! 
Off to do a shiteload of promo involving interviews, photo shoots and tv, gotta have a caffeine injection for this jetlag

Live lounge rehearsal done, gonna be super fun, tune in tomorrow morning on BBC radio 1

  
having a proper fry up that doesn't involved a burger shaped sausage or turkey bacon. god bless home

  . plays  today at 9pm UK/1pm PT. Watch the show on iTunes.  
  please come on down man, should be fun

i was saying boo-urns

Playing iTunes festival today, you can tune in worldwide live via iTunes, unless you're still on a creative zen

   ..everything you need is here

Also, chune. Go get both and be a legend x 
Tuuuuuune 
Jet lag dot com forward slash bad timing

 I did that earlier. As aziz ansari says, its like jay z buying his own champagne, money goes out of his wallet and back in again

 you're talking to me on the radio about KFC, this is trippy

Gonna finally see inbetweeners 2 today and I can't bloody wait

  . spills the secret to his staggering success  
A tune  and myself wrote is out now on iTunes, I really like it and you should download it plz - 
  Say You Love Me out now! 
 proud of you

 
Playing a free show after the AFL at the MCG, come down if you're free, gates 4,5 and 6

This man ruined my high school years 
playing the AFL grand final today in Australia, i'm told its a pretty big deal

  you're like lionel when he follows his blind student around in that music video

 go st kilda

 fo real

Thanks to warner Australia for smashing out the plaitnum records 
i still don't know what LinkedIn is and really have run out of fucks to give, soz

thinking out loud is currently  in Australia on iTunes and i'm super happy about that

Being interviewed on sunrise this morning, people have been given the impression I'm playing but I'm not and never have been, saaaarrry x

 from day one, people don't understand

Playing the AFL grand final on Saturday with this ledge 
 
1 new song written and 4 new songs recorded and finished tonight, good nights work !

I'm coming to tour Australia and New Zealand next year, just announced dates here - 
 you know nothing

  Australia and NZ ....announcement in less than an hour!

  It's so green!! edsheeran  publishes 9th Oct  :D 
day of meetings then gonna record some new songs this evening, my body clock has no clue though

Keep finding forgotten songs and it makes me happy

Decent day of promo, same again tomorrow, love being back in Australia

If there's one thing you do today you should vote for Big Narstie in the mobos coz him winning would make me happy - 
Pre recording a bunch of tv performances today in Sydney, ate some chocolate. The usual

just landed in Australia, got a lot on this week, but first, a nap is on the cards

 thanks

 ledge

Much love to  for hopping on stage with me tonight

In Vegas for the iheart festival

 wait til you see it man, it's nuts

When you stub your little toe on the way to the shower, nah

 i haven't seen it yet !! but thats epic

Shooting the video for 'Thinking out loud' today

 casual, get the beers in son

Thanks to  for joining me on the North American tour, check them out if you haven't already

Toronto! 
 why not

 deal, I'm 100% serious. Just get me one for hotel ceiling as swapsies

 you make me look tall

Warner canada, you da best. Plaques on plaques on plaques 
Shot a music video with  today, got some promo now then playing Toronto tonight ! Gonna be awesome

     
Finally catching up with sons of anarchy and only just clocked Marilyn Manson is in it, mind - blown

Detroit ! 
 I'd be disappointed in you if you didn't though

 you little legend, you. Vodkas good in Estonia

I'm on Americas got talent tonight, tune in !

From 'live at the bedford' to here, it's crazy. Thank you 
 lullaby is my jam, it's on constant repeat

 oiiiiii

Amen

 legend

Chicago ! 
Preparing the live lounge cover for the end of the month, ready to play Chicago tonight !

 yessss ! People song it so loud !

Been nominated for best male at the MTV EMA's, if you have a spare moment, please vote huurrrrr - 
 if you slow it down he's actually reciting all of Harry potter and philosophers stone in under a second

Minneapolis ! 
That means I'm playing Estonia on my 24th birthday, let's make it special

New tour dates just announced in Czech Republic, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, check it out - 
My food baby struggle is real

  A few European  shows being announced this am for next year ...places we've never been to before . News soon

 they are blasting I'm not the only one remix at a bar in Nashville. You legend

Nashville ! 
 shucks :)

Intense day preparing for the next music video,  it's gonna be a special one

 that was bonkers

 wid base

 - I wrote this song with  and  and I love it. Please listen to it and jam out

 cash money mark

Atlanta ! 
This is amazing 
Kermit is a road man 
Thanks Kurt, can't wait to watch ! 
 buenas nochas !

 the fact you did this makes me love you more and more. Incredible

Charlotte ! 
New  is incredible, listen to it and enjoy - 
It's a huevos rancheros kind of morning

Bruh 
I've forgotten how to fly yes, well, one does

Hanging out with my best friend right now 
Lovely surprise at the Atlantic offices, happy USA plaque day 
the link is fixed now to vote for Q awards best solo artist, if you have time, have a vote - 
 I'm so sorry, when I walked up I just assumed that was you all that had run round, our mistake, sorry again

 I walked up the ramp and saw everyone that was there and did pictures?

Boston. ! 
 i shall !

 can't wait to come ! thanks for asking the questions, lots of love xx

 i wanna work with anyone that would make me a better musician, so as long as i can learn something, i'l work with whoever

 for the past year I've been writing all my songs in the shower rooms of my hotels, i dunno why, i just like how they sound

 i see fire, all day everyday, i just love playing the main riff of it

 kittens and cats don't forget about sheba, its just not something that happens

 they all get easy after a lot of practice but i'm a mess was the hardest to learn and manoeuvre

 theres almost 100 songs like that !

 it was awesome, but i was more over the moon that emil the director had got the recognition, coz he's amazing

 its my verse from the rizzle kicks dreamers remix, and i do sing it at concerts yup !

 i'm in the whole video and i'm training every day to do something in it that will impress people. something different

 thank you! i was quite nervous with it because of the 'sophomore slump' curse, but i'm overjoyed with the outcome

doing the  Q&amp;A right now over on  page, tune in

 lets do it ! :)

Philly ! 
 he was such a dude, really enjoyed it

  cheers, go do some weights now to counter balance it

  FB Live Chat w/ RIGHT NOW! Tweet questions with  Watch at  
 I think you're 'all that' bill

 I like the song son

 she's legit the best

 I miss you come home

Doing the Howard Stern show tomorrow morning, tune in and stuff

Back in New York, has everyone left for the summer?

Merriweather ! 
I have listened to the same song on loop for hours and hours, still not tired of it

 word

Also, record labels, if you ignore Gavin James, you are losing out

Show me the best, il show you foy

I swear to god, foy vance is better than everyone. It's not a contest, he's better than everyone.

Discovered hood_vines on Instagram this morning and haven't stopped

  NEW VIDEO  


 nah, you definitely look like a legend and so does the person who sent it to you

Cleveland ! 
Teaming up with  to help you win tickets to my US tour. Find out how you can here  innit

Brand new tour diary here ! includes glastonbury, japan and other stuff - 
 i'm sure you can but i have absolutely no idea what town i'm in right now

   
   that was the mistake, when you order the whole menu three times, i see it as a challenge

  i'm still working that out of my system one year on

oi papa johns, pick up the phone plz

its like water under bridges that have already burned

Kansas City 
 I'm watching it on mute soz

Gonna watch a bunch of James Bond films

Had a great time with  at  Great vibes

 but, thats not... oh never mind

 
  Studiotime with  I love it!!!  
Glendale ! 
Love being able to see  every night. So great live, check out their album too, it's a vibe. See them on my USA tour this month

Vegas night 2! 
Vegas 
  . looks great in a dress... 
Tune into  tonight on ABC at 23:35 ET/PT, I'm play, get interviewed and dress up like a famous broadway character

LA ! 
San Jose ! 
Just announced I'm playing iTunes festival end of September, gonna be a good'un,  is also on the bill so that's awesome

  Elated to announce I will be performing with  at the  on 9/29 - info  
  Hear  featured on a  track: 
  It's out! Download  right now!   
    lovely to meet you guys !

the Don't EP is out now in the USA, with remixes, brand new songs and live stuff - 
Won my first American award tonight. Fanks MTV and big up Emil nava coz he's a bo$$ 
 booom

 yes David ! Legend

My shoes today are called Oreos and now I'm hungry

the Don't EP is out right now, it has a remix with Rick Ross, a live song and a brand new song, chekk it - 
Vancouver ! 
x men + steak and eggs

 serious tings bruv

3 has begun

  Extra  Birmingham date on sale now - 
   
Seattle !! 
brand new video diary ! - 
2 songs written this morning and its not even 11am. i need to get out more

tour rehearsals today, then day 1 of the Multiply tour begins tomorrow in Seattle ! whoop

 round the world, if ya haven't got it yet, heres  brand new single, catchy as fuqq - 
  Birmingham NIA show announced for 18 Oct...on sale Fri 9am Uk time...

 x men

Back in the USA. Starting tour in a coupla days, can't wait to be back on the road

 fanks :)

  Wow! If you missed any of that information overload, go to   

V day 2! 
  E.Sizzle ft. Thick Smoke 
pre order the EP with the remix on it and a brand new song you haven't heard - 
Here's the  remix to Don't and it's awesome - 
I also nominate  Ice bucket yo'self foo'

I just woke up. I nominate  and  
V ! 
    celebrates eight weeks at  in the UK with  Full story: 
Eatin' chips in Nuneaton with 
Pukkelpop! 
2x10+1 Romeo dunn

 aye

 i didn't

i made a tour playlist to play on the speakers while the venues fill up. first song on there is regulate and it continues like that, enjoy

this year continues to get better and better

Just premiered tonight ! A song I helped out on by the lovely  - 
  This  shit is nuts!!! 
 this is the best idea you've had for the studio

 of course ! How're you?

Fanks for the 2 teen choice awards ! You guys r00l

 your song with tori is brilliant by the way

7 weeks at  in the uk, it's getting more and more surreal. Thanks again to everyone supporting the album and stuff x

  TELL HER IS RELEASED TODAY!! 

You can download the new single on iTunes now: 
Tokyo !! 
i had a son a few years ago, but his mother disappeared with him. he just showed up here - 
 blimey. So debauched. Let's go to brixton market

 il rep that

 all they had was this at the sushi restaurant 
 yeeeeesssssas

I've had too much sake

 charizard pack. yazimme

 il try and find some for you. the shops here are incredible, i bought a deck of pokemon cards yesterday like a bawse

 naruto?

Osaka !! 
Japan is da best 
for those who missed it, heres my brand new video for Don't - 
Hanging out in a cat cafe. I love japan. 
 i texted it to you but whatever

you can pre-order the Don't EP now, it has a remix by one of my favourite rappers, live song, and a brand new song - 
Don't official music video - 
'Dont' music video goes live at 3pm UK time 
 what she do

 i guessed there must have been a buy one get 400k free deal in greece, funtastic value eh?

fanks lovely people x

the string of good news keeps on com in'.'x' is now officially the biggest selling album of the year in the UK aswell as being 6 weeks at 
 midday, and its incredible man, i had fried chicken for breakfast

 lemme see what i can find

 i'l try and find one, its basically just a black dressing gown and a balaclava

 maui thai and all of that jazz

 it squirts you yeah, its just an all round experience to be honest

 they are speaking to me, its creepy

  i'm always proud of jake just for being able to form sentences

Japanese usual suspect bantz 
6am in Tokyo, playing on a tv show called Sukkiri this morning 
 so many memories, have a fantabulous night xx

better ticket link for north america - 
my world tour starts in north america in a few weeks, just made more tickets available, check here innit - 
'x' is  for the 6th week in a row in the UK. bloody mental.

 thanks man !

Just landed in japan. Doing a few shows this week and some promo that involves cats. Yup.

 finally got a vinyl player, cookin and jammin ! 
Don't music video premieres on monday.

Played a secret gig for the  last night in Dublin. Always the best gigs of the year for me 
 ah, sweet. Still gonna eat it

Good day of promo in Madrid, now for some tapas

 do I just ask for my name?!

 where can I get one?

 
 check ya texxxx

Just landed in Madrid for 2 days of promotion here, it's haaaat

 or passion fruit and peach !

 anything with cucumber will rock my soxx. Or coffee !

Had a lovely night in Derry with  and da lads

 it's like nothing I've ever seen before man! So epic

Just saw the first cut for the 'Don't' video.  has outdone himself, mind blowing stuff

UK and Ireland on MTV tonight at 9:30, I do a long interview with  and play some songs

 you got dem come 2 bed eyes doe

Passing the time in the airport with  
Out with  he's incredible at that ol' magic malarkey

Beefa! 
 incredible. Legendz

 diddums

 he definitely did, so the fact it's travelling round is a good thing, he's chuffed

One of life's great mysteries

Did anyone ever find out who let the dogs out?

 irrelefant. Murray made that one up

Gaan beefa

  
 ladzladzladz

I can finally wear sunglasses without feeling like a Jeb end

Mallorca ! 
 plain and simple, always

Just got to Mallorca. Playing Mallorca rocks tonight, shotz shotz shotz

It's never too early for toblerone

Ah British airways. You failed again.

Montreux ! 
 all I found was a cucumber, lube and an Eiffel 65 cd

In montreux, doing the jazz festival tonight. I'm surrounded by to toblerones and that's how life should be

You should   I've never covered that song.   James blunt covering the a team just came on in a shop.

 we would've been pals

Lucerne ! 
In Switzerland ! Playing blue balls festival today. I'm sure it has a different meaning over here then it does in UK. I hope so anyway.

 followed

Lovely show with these boys, check out Ryan keen and Saint Raymond. Brilliant stuff 
Vienna ! 
I got nominated for best male at the VMA's, if you could vote for me that'd be super awesome wicked cool - 
 if you point me in the right direction to send it, il get one written

 thanks man ! And yes please, that'd be awesome

 deal.

 you deserve a pint and a pat too, legend

Whoever picks the music for sons of anarchy deserves a pint and a pat on the back

 such a pleasure man, thank you for everything ! See you soon, hope the foot heals

 id love that ! Thanks man, see you soon

Off to France now for French promo and stuff

Brussels ! 
Long day of promo is Brussels. Lovely to be back in Belgium though, your chocolate makes me happy and super chubb

God bless the neck pillows of the world

listen with ears, not eyes

Milan gig  of the day ! 
Milan show  of the day. Onto the next one tonight 
Promo day in Milan, lots of fun stuff going on today

  My new EP The Godfather is currently  in the iTunes hip-hop chart.  Thanks to everyone that's bought it so far: 


 legend

 lewis gonna have an itch after tomorrow then

 make sure you have it dry cleaned after whatever the hell you have planned

My sound guy just pointed this out 
 couldn't find wings, it was a hopeful tweet. Eating Parma ham and squid like a baw$e

Sitting with a bunch of Italians who give absolutely no phucks about the World Cup. Parma ham has replaced the wings though so I'm winning

 buffalo wingz, what the hell do you take me for

I dunno who to root for in the World Cup final. Just gonna eat wings and shout at the tv now and then and hope for the best

   
Got properly into sons of anarchy this week, just finished season 1

Just got to Milan, Italian food - get in me now

I bloody love Norway

Staavern festival ! You beauties !! 
Get pitta bread, get chicken nuggets, put the nuggets in the pitta bread, put some ketchup in. You're welcome

  Just bought some new music from my local record store. These type of shops are dying so must support them 
Off to Norway today to play Staavern festival

T in the park ! 
  . great chap. Great. Chap. Catch his  set on  tonight at 9pm! 
 legends, thank you for that, il see you very soon

 isn't that a moo moo?

 comin to find you 4 foodz

Promo all done in Atlanta and USA. Back in England for a day of press then onto Scotland for T ! Epic

Marks met his match 
 legend

Zuper sleepy

  NEW ALBUM'S OUT!

iTunes:  

Amazon:  

Official Store:  

  just heard that the album could finish top 10 (!!!!!!) that'd be flipping nuts, please share and cross fingers x 
Minneapolis ! 
happy to say X has sold a million copies worldwide in 2 weeks. great start to a campaign, thanks to everyone who's grabbed a copy xx

 you know me, straight thuggin at every possible moment

 I'M GONNA CHECK THAT OUT NOW

 has your caps lock button broken?

 wouldn't be a good time to have the urge to scratch anything though, but I dig it

 awesome sauce. You need to follow for a DM

 precisely. Base

I'm up in 3 hours oops

Sorry to all those who couldn't get a ticket, last minute first come first serve show, but I love you all the same x

I'm gonna do a new set list tonight, trying out all the songs from the album I'm gonna play on tour, hope you enjoy it

I've never done this before, and it's very last minute, but I feel like doing a show, so come on down to the paramount Huntington, love x

Doors at 8pm, first come first serve, $20 ticket, tonight. This is gonna be fun

I'm sat at the paramount venue in Huntington, I've decided I wanna play a gig tonight, it's such a lovely venue I couldn't resist, so...

People of New York and Long Island I have an announcement

This guy is my hero 
 soup 
 
 
 I know drake says no new friends. But you need new friends

Me and the Roots performing SING - 
This was my favourite part of the night. Shout out to  - 
Philllaaaaayy 
Thank you to  and the band for having me tonight. Thoroughly enjoyed every moment of it. Thank you Philly, and happy 4th of July !

   Showtime! vh1 
 back in your non tweeting box lynch

 you need a backpack like dis one, it's propa classy

Got a new backpack and I'm now in organizational heaven. SO MANY COMPA
 I'd like to think it was down to work and determination rather than race or class, but each to their own

Even my fortune cookie is mocking me 
Just got to Philly, any one who lives here, doing a free gig with the roots in franklin parkway tonight, anyone who doesn't, 8pm VH1 x

 I wrote a song for one of your adverts if ya want it

Thanks to jimdunlopusa for the new plectrums 
Thanks so much for coming out for the today show. Legends, every one of you. Off to Philly now for this roots concert in, 8pm VH1

Playing a free gig for the today show at Rockefeller plaza right now, if you're awake I applaud and love you

This hurricane is no joke

Accidentally answered a beats music complaint letter with 'cool story bro'. Got told off for that one

 in hindsight the name I chose should have been 'Creme boulet'

Doing a q&amp;a right now on  ask me questions on there innit

Tabasco and cold seafood is everything

 makes your job a wee bit harder though coz there's now more countries :)

I'm playing with the roots tomorrow as my band. So epic. 8pm, vh1 on tv. If you're in Philly the gig is free and is in franklin parkway

 Clapton and sting, not bad company ! - 
Here's a video from when I played  house. It was super fun and the chicken wings were killer - 
Also playing the roots picnic with the roots as the house band in Philly in the evening. Come in down and have a boogie for your July 4th

Doing a free show for the today show tomorrow at the Rockefeller centre plaza. Come on down, and please sing loudly, it sounds awesome

 yes mate !!

About to do the last show of the day in boston. Full on day but very worth it.

 *pats head*

 fanks, ditto guys x

 
 the puppy or the popcorn?

 legend

Daniel Bedingfield is still the man, I don't care

  Friday on TODAY...  is live in concert on the plaza. Stop by!  
  . book comes out in the US in November! Preorder info here:  
  Billboard 200:   x 210,000 (debut).

My first book, with Phillip Butah, A Visual Journey is out 9th of October. Very exciting 
  Some euro dates for early next year announced 
Had my first  album in America this week. Thanks for everyone supporting it, that's mental x

Baltimore ! That was so epic 
I don't play for the Belgium football team

  yeah, fair play

 it's all relative mate, you have to punch especially high but I'm proud of you for finally doing it

 miss you too mang

 should've been 'how has your marriage changed your lad banter?'. Answer - drastically

 ah dude, sending my love and prayers your way, hope she is okay

if you go on the iTunes homepage, I've created a 'favourites' page with my favourite albums, movies and books, check it out

in washington, wisdom tooth growing through, promo today, and rio 2 is an awesome film. thats the update

 i saw that, you're such a champion

Just got to Baltimore. Omar comin


Link doesn't work for Americans, so just search it on iTunes and itl come up

My song All of the stars is out today. Check it out and grab it here - 


  Listen to Ryn Weaver - OctaHate on  
 I was considering texting but I thought everyone needed to see how witty I can be

 you'd love me to be sweaty and out of breath wouldn't ya, ya wrong'un

 + just sold it's 2 millionth copy in the UK too. Happy days !

Glastonbury ! 
 ah man, it's such a chune, legend

 love you guys xx

182k sold in the UK week one making it the fastest selling album of the year. I'm on cloud 9 and keep laughing at everything. love you all x

playing pyramid stage at Glastonbury today, 6pm

Rudimental ladz 
No signal at Glastonbury. But I did this today - 
I keep reading quotes of things in the press that I've never said

 n'aw

This week is blowing my little English countryside mind. Thanks for everyone who's showing love and support for the album x

 I ate all da porridge

  yayayayay

  Tune in to  tonight at 8pm (before  to vote for the song you want him to perform acoustically

I'm now like Balotelli 
Met a womble 
 soon as I'm out of rehearsal il check it !

Very excited to see how it works. So yeah, tune into Big Bang theory tonight on e4 and the do all the hashtag thingz

You're gonna have a chance to to vote for what acoustic track you want me to play, and then il play one in the whole advert break...

People of UK, doing quite a cool thing today. Tune into the Big Bang theory tonight on E4, and wait for the adverts in between...

Cheers panini. You bunch of legends 
Underground, overground, womble-ing free

 would love to hear it first, let's sort that out

 100%, let's make it happen !

 I'd love that ! Just let me know when x

Happy to announce my opening act for my North American tour is  check them out, learn their songs, rave on

Automatic reply from someone at the label. What a lad 
 please tell me this film is about a reach around

My new album is out this week innit, grab it here or in a supermarket - 
In Paris doing lots of tv things today

 incredible

 havin chicken thighs now, genius addition

 thanks mav! Legend

 fanks dude !

Gonna celebrate a great day one sales with these. Cheers for the cases   
Played a gig for in:demand and 4music at corrie, random but so much fun 
 ladz on tour

 legend ! Thanks for letting me sample one of ya tunes !!

Album is  in 65 countries including Ghana.  cheers mate

  We're lucky to have  on tomorrow, and he'll be answering YOUR Qs! What do you want to know?  
5* review from the telegraph, one for the books ! - 
 ya'eeeen'know it

 cheers lads

 its short for legend. ask JMD, he taught me all the slang i know x

 fanks bill, you're a champ

 ah CC, you're a ledge x

My brand new album is also out worldwide now, fo real - 
On bbc breakfast tomorrow, tune in if you're in the uk


heres a sneak peak video behind the VIBE shoot - 
Just bought my cd at Moss Side asda, first time I've been able to purchase it, keeping up the album tradition

  . album X drops today. Get to know the new Ed:   
 you da best skeletori

 bai

 trust my gut reaction on something

 thanks dude!

Sorry, not next week, next month

  Quite possibly the first British dude on the cover of  
Happy to be he first British dude on the cover of Vibe magazine. Issue out next week 
  coz you're a busty bounty hunter

 legend

 thanks dad

 it's 10% down to stu and 50

90% down to you, you international goddess

 man fi get leng. Legend

 thanks for all the hard work dawg

  'x' is out today!  got his copy... Have you got yours?  
 bossy

 your should probably brush your teeth though mate

 hell yesh!

 I do that daily son

 hero

Give me some more time, give me 29 seconds to sign, mmmmiiine. 10 multiply by two plus one 
 you're a legend

It's also in like every single supermarket so grab one when you go and get eggs and milk x

My brand now album is out now everywhere ! Grab it on iTunes here fanks fanks fanks - 
X

 udabesman

I'm in a car on the way to Berlin signing 3000 cd's, album is out in 10 minutes in the UK, midnight everywhere around the world, partay

  Exclusive MTV First! Hear the new  track I'm A Mess  Get more at  
My new album is out at midnight worldwide, preorder here, you get some songs now if ya do - 
Marks having a Cuban in celebration of the album being out worldwide at midnight. Lad 
Hurricane festival Germany ! 
  Ed Sheeran has become an unlikely pop phenomenon (Photo: Jesse Dittmar for NYT)  
 it's a record of acid house

 yes mate !

 that gecko tune is so badboy, I'm skanking at 9am

My album comes out tomorrow worldwide. That happened fast

 oh em geee it's scootaarrr at wemberley in engerland

Summertime ball wembley ! 
I stole'd a hat 
 me and Murray love the artwork

 kick it's ass, seabass

All of the stars is on the physical deluxe version of 'x'

If you preorder it now you get like 8 tunes straight away so that's alright innit - 
2 more sleeps until the new album is out worldwide

 whatever you've been smoking, save me some

 your tweets are verging on bipolar brilliance

Southside festival, Germany ! 
  indeed

Just landed in Germany, playing Southside festival today

Album drops worldwide everywhere Monday June 23rd

Trying to save a venue where I played some of my first shows, please sign this petition to stop it getting closed - 
Eternal love to  for sending a case of black bottle champagne to celebrate my album release. What a champ

 you guys are smashing this campaign out of the park

 fussball, football, futball or as the Americans pronounce it - soccer

  Happy Friday  is in for Chris - we have  ,  and Jonathan Yeo on the show ! 
Doing a session for my dad Chris Evans on radio 2 today, tune in

Photograph out now worldwide ! -  
Only one thing can salvage this nightmare day of travel

Guardian review by  - 
Listen to a new song 'even my dad does sometimes' exclusively now on   - 
Awesome New York Times piece on the album - 
'The Man' from my new album is out now worldwide - 
 sounds like that's a cracking one out kind of cry

 blimey, that's awesome

 yeah mate, i was just as confused as you

 i'm so excited

 :):):)

Thinking out loud is out worldwide now ! - 
 you deserve it !

   I look like I have a reeeeeaaallly long arm in that picture

 
    in 34 countries innit !

 don't lie to me. You always lie to me.

 that's incredible

 I agree with this statement

 fort it woz slang innit

  Record has been broked,  Bloodstream is now at 30  worldwide! Woo!

Bloodstream out now worldwide x 
i don't think i know anyone who posts youtube comments

 fanks lad

Thanks to myfm for putting on such a wicked show

LA! 
Sang give me love onstage tonight with  and it was super awesome. What a champ

  THIS JUST IN!  adds a stop on his tour for the  August 27th! All the details here --&gt; 
Bloodstream from the new album is out worldwide now - 
  DOWNLOAD BIGGER THAN ME ON iTUNES NOW !!!!!!  off the  album  
 you a Ghana fan then?

 or you get your wang cut off and name changed to reek

 you woz so cold doe, but I respect that

 such a badass episode

New song goes live on iTunes tonight at midnight again

 indeed sir !!

 I want a green top 10, same as you :)

New song Afire Love is  in the states and too 10 in 42 countries. Happy days :) Grab it here - 
here is Afire love  from the new album -  grab it here on iTunes now x - 
 and ALOT a of photoshop

 fanks Allie Bailey

Once you've downloaded Afire love send me a screen shot or a picture of you listening to it. Fanks xx

Afire love is out now in the UK and other places. Out world wide at midnight in your country here - 
  
Thank you Warner Canada for the first SING platinum plaque 
My face is on raincoats now 
Just posted a photo 
 I'm here to regulate

 spanking eh?

I'm in Toronto ! Playing the  award show tonight

  you smashed it once more damo ! Legend

 oh shit

New York that was incredible ! Sorry I couldn't stay, we have to be in Toronto in the morning x 
Great article in  written by   out tomorrow in the UK. Check it out x

Just met the lads from  who are opening up today's show at the Hammerstein. Check them out, super super lovely dudes

 bring your England shirt

 
 you use your feet in the game, so it's called football.

 you're profile picture is da best

Brand new song goes live on iTunes tomorrow at midnight

Another New York promo day, playing Hammerstein ballroom tonight but carved out a few hours to watch the England game

  An extended version of MTV's 'Nine Days and Nights of  airs tonight. 9 things to see:  
  Multiply NYC is a wrap! Check out our full coverage of  crazy day:   
  How does an  show end? Giant fireworks show in front if the Statue of Liberty. AMAZE!!!  
 man like z

USA multiply day is all done. I'm wrecked, off to bed

 they really did play well, big shame

 smashed it gabzzz

weather is crazy, but this gig is gonna happen

Watching the game on an iPad in the car with  because even when we are en route we can be ladz

  The Ed Sheeran performance airs at 3pE and 3pP on    
Doing the 2nd free multiply show right on 48th and 6th 
  Catch it if you can! The Pulse, Ch. 15, at 1 pm ET is airing a surprise    
  Today at 1pm  is going  outside at 49th and 6th in NYC for  and  
Don't is  in 24 countries now. So so epic

Don't is currently  in 17 countries and top 10 in 50 markets. Not a bad way to start a friday :) flanks x

Don't is out worldwide now! Grab it here kind people - 
fanks for all the screenshot love, udabes

Once you've downloaded Don't send me a screen shot, should be out very soon in every country, here's the link - 
Back in New York now, multiply day tomorrow. Catch me on VH1 morning buzz in the morning x

Bubba Sparxxx Deliverance is still one of the best albums I own

  UPDATE:  is playing  right now and he'll be here September 17! Tickets go on sale June 20! 
 everybody from the 313

   Detroit!

 SOJU !

Detroit ! 
Austin city limits ! 
a new song from the album will drop on iTunes every single day next week, which is exciting

Don't is now avaliable in the UK here -  it'l go live in every other country at midnight your time

 that's ultimate old school !! Blimey. Zubin was one of 2 people in the crowd at in the city Manchester 2009, legend

This is the most heartwarming letter I have read. I love it x 
My whole album is clean, I took all of the explicit lyrics out after a taxi driver convinced me to do it for his daughter. That's the truth

My next single goes live on iTunes in 30 minutes in the UK, midnight everywhere else around the world

Back in Detroit, rock city

  We're so excited to reveal this week's cover star... say hello to    
  Here we go...Nine Days and Nights of  is starting on MTV Music RIGHT NOW!!  if you're watching with us! 
My documentary is on right now in the uk on MTV! Tune in

  If you missed Nine Days and Nights of  last night, you can watch the entire doc now: 
I'm in Texas, that means BBQ. yes mate.

 it is funtustic eh?

 aslong as raff is okay....

 if greece are the best why didn't you keep the greece players stickers i gave you?

Everyone enjoy the documentary?

 isn't that every day?

 why you replying to yourself you mug

 deep

 we all knew that guy

 wait, you rap?!

 you too man

If anyone missed it, I did 101 facts for  here - 
 yes mate ! Thank you for today

 yes mate ! I mentioned you but they cut it out sadly, moving like pagans

I spoke to the mtv people today and they said that every country that has mtv will be showing the documentary this week so look out for it

Very much looking forward to seeing what you all think of the documentary. Airs in the USA tonight at 11pm eastern time

This video is mental and awesome all the same time - 
 that guy sucks

 that's so swaggalicious

Actually it's aired tomorrow at 9pm in uk. 20th is the extended doc

MTV doc airs on the 20th in the UK but tonight in USA, tune in innit

  Big show tonight! Doing something fun with  &amp;  Plus   and music from 
  It's Nine Days and Nights of  day!!!!  if you're excited to watch at 11/10c:  
  9 reasons to watch the  documentary tonight.

 
 nah, just you

 jedward you're the best

  Friday... 
finished up a session with  day of promo tomorrow, should be fun

100 things about me - 
Whatever.

 legend

 and you told me I was being stupid saying that she looked like you

Passengers new album whispers is out worldwide today. Basically go buy it coz it's brilliant and you need to have it in your life

everyone sending congrats, you're all legends and i love you. i'm celebrating with a plate of hot wings and family guy. yolo

 base

 someone needs to put you to bed. Bless. 
 'bout time

 I spit in your mouth while you sleep

 shame you only take 20% of the things you pretend to create though. Curtains gets 50

  Congratulations to  who has gone straight in at  today with  Full story: 
It's official ! My first UK number 1 single. Thank you to everyone who supported it. Very happy right now 
Pinkpop !! Yes 
We might have just found out some good news and are celebrating on the way to pinkpop 
 i dunno if i was allowed, i wanted to

 yeah

 yeah mate

Check out a sneak peak of   at  
Playing pinkpop in holland today. Looking forward to seeing where SING has charted later in the UK

I was using Grindr for a bit, and it was just all guys. I don't get it - 
 livin the dream

 thank you for looking after us in your home town !! everyone was saying what a good dude you are, i tend to agree

  Woooooohoooooo  
I love 
 thank you mate !

 tell your mum thanks

 fanks Ellen !

 yes mate !

Me all day every day - 
  glad you had fun, i kinda felt trapped behind all that glass though

  THE WAIT IS OVER! Check out our EXCLUSIVE video with the man himself  &gt;  
Performing SING on the  tonight. If you like it, grab SING on iTunes right now  noiiiice waaaaaan x

 yes and yes !

 thanks man !! The joys of 1xtra means I can play the real shit :)

Thank you to  for having me on this morning for a session, love being back in holland

 you're honestly one of my all time favourite artists, so the honour was all mine. see you soon !

just landed in Amsterdam, doing a long day of promo tomorrow starting with breakfast radio, see you all in the morning!

for anyone that missed it, this is my  live lounge cover of  - 
 I did it anyway, I don't want your cards you commie bastard

 Yes plzzzz!

Kim Shin Wook, Y U avoid me !? 
Swaps 4 daYz

If anyone has numbers 402, 629 and 637 of the panini football stickers, let me know. I only need them to complete the book. I got swaps...

Check out my cover of  wonderful song in the  live lounge here - 
 love that ! But no one can out rap john barnes in this day and age

 he always looks so happy

John Barnes $wag 
 ah man :) thank YOU for making it, it's a stunner of a song

 fo real

  And the set up begins...  will be in the Live Lounge after 12pm 
  We're a bit short staffed today so  has come in to help out! 
 genius

  good troll sesh boyz

  it just makes no sense, why would nas go to a university in England?

  I don't get it

  did Kane even go to a 6th form though? I'm still confused by Justin's original statement

  papa doc went to cranbrook

 gave all my hoodies to charity, I'm in a fancy shirt today innit

  you reckon Kane went to harrow though? That's always a possibility too

  I see what you did aswell, but Kane might've gone to eton, we don't know that he didn't

  oh I thought justin meant Kane went to eton. Dunno why I thought he would've done but it does have boarding

  Musa, can you shed any light on this?

 your mum made me porridge with blueberries and apricots coz she's a G

 can I get a set of custom k's if you're running their account?

 *splat*

 I'm bringing some robinson fruit and barley. But of course, other, shitter brands are also available. Il save ya some

 does anyone make a rival drink to Guinness though? I don't know if other brands are avaliable

 was that a thing??

 yus

Tune into  this morning. I'm playing in the lounge lounge which I haven't done in a very long time. Playing a mystery cover too

 while you imitating al Capone, il be nina Simone, and defecting on yo microphone

 that's as old school as smarties with lids on them

Me and  at Nandos Pt 1 - 
Tune into  tomorrow around 10, I'm doing a live lounge playing Sing and a mystery cover

Doing an interview with  at 10pm tonight on 
 legend. New song is a banger man

 great to see you ! see you then

 love you to, you geeeeezah

Radio promo done, cover for the live lounge done, productive day

i played my song 'all of the stars' on  today, check it out - 
fainting goats - 
 wedstock !!!

Awesome review in Q 
Looooong day of promo today, but it's gonna be pretty fun

 casual

 I feel u

Just landed back from sweden, now off to the studio to finish a track coz I am mental

Watching people just do nothing and it's amazing. If you're in the uk watch it - 
 see what you did there

 soz, missed the memo

My stomach is too big for my stomach. Tucking into gastro burger 
 soz

 that's epic

 g check of the week

 I still have twiddling on the album for you to tut at. But alas, there might be some more songs you like. I'm sorry

 regulate

 change the lib dem's to the man dem's

 what's happened to you!? You've changed man

 get me a 8 wing meal if you're there before me

 I can get you the gaga in ear ones

  can you sort out the mini disc player too?

 top lad, that's not me is a banger and the video is spot on

 the days of ginger sepia selfies are over

  I need a t mobile contract chabuddZ. Can you sort me out one with some peanut dust on the side?

 tis true. I meet a lot more ginger lads who get laid now and thank me

 monday is usually the day that I roll so lets do it

 thanks man !

 while i love that you're doing that, stop tweeting and enjoy your honeymoon !!!

 soz

 chabuddzzz

 thanks bro

  you both are lovely

 5 is a little excessive but thank you

 thanks mang

 you not get mine?

 gonna be in holland when it charts. God help us all

 not gonna celebrate until chart comes in on Sunday, but looks good !

turned it off. watching the football now with some chicken. i love fried chicken thats my clucking problem.

i'm only 10 minutes into 47 ronin and i have no idea whats going on

 it was SO good man !

I ate a steak in Copenhagen today as well. Long day of travelling

Just got into Sweden, day of promo tomorrow !

 legend

Telegraph article by Craig Mclean, he's a good chap that one - 
exciting times

there is also a brand new song on the SING EP, called 'Friends' - 
SING is out now in the UK, grab it here and faaaannnksss :) - 
 happy days !

 its nuts they know it already innit !!?

2 hours to go til SING is out in the UK ! Buzzin

Lisbon that was IN. SANE. You guys are amazing x 
if you wanna be last minute dot com and pre order SING, its here - 
5 hours til SING comes out in the UK. i'm propa excited

 was my pleasure!

 fanks :)

Just got to Lisbon, Portugal. Playing rock in rio this evening, should be a great crowd

Sing comes out tonight at midnight in the UK...

 love that :)

If you missed it earlier today, here is my  advert - 
Germany was fun ! Back off to England now, I have best man duties in the morning, suiting up and watching my best friends get married. Yeees

  World Premiere of the  with  Catch the full clip here:  featuring 'Don't'. 
chuffed to be in  world cup playlist. i just got his sticker for the panini world cup sticker book. 
 you. already. know.

  . and I met up with  yesterday, we played word games:  PIC: 
you're gonna be seeing the advert on TV from next week right through to the end of the year i think. happy days.

Happy to say my song 'Don't' will be featured in the new  campaign, I also feature in the advert - 
Announcement coming in the form of a video whenever the uploaded decides to make it public. Sorry for delay

  On Thursday,  will be in the  Check out his  highlights  
News is coming 2pm now

full  documentary trailer, this is gonna be a good'un - 
4pm UK time I have some big news

 thats incredible

song all done. yay

 fanks :) hope you're good !

songwriting on my own in a hotel in Cologne, empty showers are good for singing in

  The full trailer for Nine Days and Nights of  is FINALLY here! Watch it on 6/10 at 11/10c:  
   youse got the days wrong princess, 22nd and 23rd of July

  Here's the FINAL clip from the Nine Days and Nights of Ed Sheeran trailer:  
 such a tune mate

  What do you think of clip number 6? The full Nine Days and Nights of  trailer is almost here!  
 I feel u bro

 it's called 'orange Wednesdays' - good bit of branding for the phone company that makes Wednesdays alright

 does the weekend exist in our industry? Sometimes a Wednesday is my weekend and it's glorious. Stop raggin on Wednesdays dude

 Wednesday is just misunderstood, in England you get buy one get one free on cinema tickets on Wednesdays

   ah lahmlahlah

 
  I can't wait until Nine Days and Nights of  on June 10 at 11/10c. Until then, here's clip 5:  
  Clip number 4 from the Nine Days and Nights of Ed Sheeran trailer has me wanting more!  
  Here's clip number 3 from the Nine Days and Nights of Ed Sheeran trailer. Are you ready for June 10?  
Clip  of the MTV documentary - 
 probably shouldn't mention they were both free coz then I won't be about that life

First clip of the MTV documentary - 
  On sale/presale info for Eds North America dates will be posted on  by Friday.

 likewise dude. See you soon !

 what's undateable?

UK. Tune into ITV, playing in a bit

June 10th 
  ps - here is my new favourite song 
 you legend

Playing my single on Britains got talent tonight. Tune in UK people ! X

 yayayayay

Muggy little fly buzzing round the room mugging everyone off like a mug

  You can now watch  brilliant performance of 'Sing' from  here:  
SING official music video - 
 are you sticking  in the house? If so, awesome

last video here. new song live with Jools holland on the piano - 
and another - 
new song live from BBC Radio 1 Big Weekend - 
album is out in 1 month as well. its getting real

oh shit, SING is out in 1 week in the UK ! orsum

The only way to drink milkshake 
anyone who missed my  big weekend set yesterday, here it is - 
I meant thanks. But yeah,  you rawk

Glasgow you were incredible. That's to radio one for being ace 
Going onstage at big weekend soon

If you liked the new tunes from my new album, you can preorder it hurrrr - 
Here's the loop pedal version of 'Don't' live on Jools Holland - 
 thank you for being part of the journey !

 looking forward to sharing a bill !

 :) thanks dude

 don't ya worry then, thanks for uploading so fast

 could you stick up Don't at all? Then we will really be buds 4 lyfe

For those of you who missed the brand new song tonight on jools holland - 
 y u on tv?

 fanks cuz :) hope you like the other new onez

 yes Emil !

If you're not by a tv, tune into jools holland here - 
 can't wait for the world to see it

Playing a brand new never before heard song on jools tonight in 30 minutes on BBC2. It's my favourite track on the album x

don't forget to tune into later with jools holland tonight on BBC2, i'm playing 3 new songs from the new album on it x

    feat.  sing a 19h sur  !  
 ooooooh, yes mate

Just got into Glasgow, playing  big weekend tomorrow

The SING video is now live on YouTube, check it out and if ya like it, please share - 
 aye, it sure is

  Tonight 11.05pm        
  Great time with my homie     
Tune into later with jools holland tonight on BBC2, I'm playing 3 new songs. One of them is with Jools on piano which was a childhood dream

Sing video has had 2.5 million views in 22 hours on Facebook. Which is awesome as hell. Gonna put the YouTube link up in a couple of hours x

 drinks on you son

 thanks man !

Keep sharing the official SING video pwease - 
 thank you :) its weird as hell but i love it

 in France now. I like that aswell

Keep sharing the official video for SING which dropped earlier today -  fanxxx

Selfie with a falcon coz I'm about that life 
 legend !!

Check out the official video for SING exclusively on Facebook for today only - 
 I do have an arsehole though, would be strange if I didn't

 even the rap!? you're the coolest dad evah

1 hour to go until the SING premiere, exclusively on Facebook only for today. i'll post it in a wee bit on - 
 you get a cuddle when we next cross paths

I'm in France. Playing Le Grand journal and then shooting a music video later for the French remix of SING. Hells yeah

 yolo

SING video is coming today exclusively on my Facebook. 3pm UK time x

 I got that song stuck in my head now ! Epic

 in Italy. I like that a lot

 loved every single album you've put out, they are always my main home playlist x

Listening to  new album and it's sublime, heavily recommend to anyone

Stuarts dream 
SING video 3pm GMT -  
I'm in Italy. Doing promo and the Voice Italia tonight. Ciao ragazzi

  yes mate. Legendary

The SING video drops tomorrow at 3pm in my Facebook here -  
Porridge porridge porridge porridge

  He's back!  - Sing on    More Friday 11.05pm  
If you're in the USA, tune into the voice tonight on nbc, I'm playing 2 songs on it

Tune in friday night to bbc2 to see me play 3 new songs on later with jools holland x

  .  &amp;  performing tonight on the  should be good!

Playing 1 song tonight on jools and 3 on Fridays show. The brand new never heard before song will be on friday

Sing video is coming Thursday, watch out for it x

  Big up  His  has hit 300,000 views! If you haven't watched already, don't miss out!  &gt;&gt; 
  Performing songs from his X album   returns tonight. Live on  10pm 
 you like it?

SING video coming later...

looking forward to playing Jools Holland tonight, the last time (and first time) i did it was exactly 3 years ago

Fault in our stars soundtrack is out today in ze USA - 
 i will, but honestly, try clutch, its a wave

  2morrow       Plus  10pm  
I'm playing on later with jools holland tomorrow on BBC2. Playing a brand new song that no one has heard for the first time too... Tune in !

Last one 
Oh hey 
Hanging out with these sleepy heads today 
 anytime you wanna come to a show or have a drink gimme a shout, thanks again x

 100%, anytime you wanna come to a show or go for a drink, lemme know x

  top lads

Just had the worlds best fried chicken at  Blimey it was awesome.

 not too shabby

Hanging out with Boris 
Drinkin' hot chocolate

  I'm proud of jake for different reasons though, ask him

 i'm so proud of you

Minneapolis ! 
 yeeea boiii!!

 hell yeah!

No video today as it's not ready. Sing video will drop next week

Yay   Hey download this. That is all. 
 thank YOU for making it happen. legends ! xx

 no, they get sent them when it comes out

Did Ellen today. The show, not a person called Ellen, that wouldn't be something I would tweet about. Check it out - 
If you're in North America, UK or Ireland then you can download One instantly when you pre-order deluxe 'x' on itunes 
 yes. Yes we can.

 drinks after the show, no choice

 you look really pretty in that picture don't ya

Should've said, an instant grat is a song that comes available on the album before it comes out. Midnight - 
To get the instant song, pre order the album here -  itl go live at midnight

Everyone else, itl hopefully come soon, trying to work it out for ya

Ireland, UK, USA and Canada, check iTunes at midnight, the first instant grat from the album goes live for you tonight

 thanks so much for always rocking it man

wrote a cracker last night, now onto  another day of promo

 p.s, awesome sauce for pre ordering

 ginger is coming

 I'm in schtoodio miles out, so sadly not :(. But stu is around innit.

 find stuart, he has wine

 thanks for having it in your wonderful story man !

Thanks to everyone who tuned in. Off to make some music with  now

 
  TUNE IN NOW!!  Live Stream Event feat.     
On a choppah en route to the live stream 
The stream is starting in an hour, tune in here - 
  An exclusive new clip! A secret announcement! Performances by    6PM PT TONIGHT: 
 you've got chodes in different area codes

 the long and winding chode

 I always knew you had a chode

 good luck princess

  Just finished a late night session at Westlake recording one of our songs with Hilary Duff... 
Thanks to Mr Technique for coming down and showing love at the Voice today. Legend 
Having some food with 
 it's what my dream figure is, gotta diet to get there though

Pregnant again 
 thanks son, will see you later x

 ultimate base

San Francisco ! 
keep following  for all updates on show announcements and ticket sales, and grumpy sarcastic tweets now and then/all the time

  Japanese shows announced today too...its all go today, link to follow

 i shall, love you, and your monthly tweet

  Extra  date added at O2 Arena, Dublin on 3rd Oct. Tickets on sale this Fri at 9am 
Just got to San Francisco, day of promo tomorrow

Power pod football microstars by Corinthian, make some for the World Cup, for the young'uns that never experienced the awesomeness

Bring back the football figurines with the big heads, the ones you got in a big chocolate football. Whoever made them, bring them back plz

Sacramento ! 
 lovely to meet you man

Los Angeles ! 
 waaaaay ahead of ya

Doing a multiply day in New York June 13th. Keep watching my website and here for more details innit

My new song All of the stars that I did for the fault in our stars movie has had a million views in a day. Mental. 
 see you next week !

Watch the whole Dublin Multiply show here - 
  my thoughts exactly

San Diego ! 
i wanna get a world cup sticker book and a bunch of stickers

BRAND NEW SONG - All of The Stars - 
  This was definitely a highlight of the week,  in session for  . Here's the whole performance 
Il post the link later. Happy friday x

The song/video I will be dropping today will be 'All of the stars' which is the end credits song for the new Fault in Our Stars movie...

Look out for another new video tomorrow...


  125K  in 24 hours. Shouts to everybody sharing the video, thanks for the support! 
  Rehearsals at the final of Germany's Next Top Model with Ed. Heating up!! 


  
  YES!  is will be performing at the  2014  
  Catch up with  set for  and  last night here: 
 give mickey a high 5 from me

  SING..! The new ED SHEERAN single is out this Friday in Ireland. Pre-order here   
 thanks bro !

  Last night,  did an amazing live session for  and performed this new track 'One'. 
   its all about the chicken and beef

And thanks everyone who tuned in

Thank you to  for giving me such freedom on  Most fun I've ever had on a session. Catch it on the website soon x

This.  session is gonna be special tonight. Playing a lot of songs, tune in  7:30pm UK time

   yes hurry up

Doing a full session with  tonight from 7:30 UK time on  Playing live, new songs, old songs, and the odd surprise. Tune in x

 tonight but off straight away to USA for more promo, il be back later in the month

 not quite yet ! In dublin

 thanks Jamie, legend

Up early for Irish radio promo, got a big  session later and I can't wait

Multiply gig  - Ireland - Dublin - vicar street 
Live stream going live now from dublin on 
 oh yes ! Homemade one

London, multiply show  tour diary video - 
Multiply gig  - London Koko ! Off straight away to Ireland now 
Koko done. Off to Dublin now - tune in from 9:30pm uk time at 
tour diary, uk multiply gig  -  keep following at 
 drop me a text

 I text you yesterday, where are ya?

Multiply gig  - Ipswich steamboat 
Then off to Ireland to do a full show at Vicar street in Dublin, see you all around today x

UK shows today. Short 30 minute acoustic show in ipswich this morning, then an hour show at Koko in London

Check out this new song in the meantime - 
Today should be awesome though.

UK multiply day today. 3 shows, 30 mins, 1 hour, 2 hours. I won't be hanging around after the shows as I have to get off to the next city

played a new song to an empty wembley arena, check out the results - 
Gonna be streaming my gig from Dublin at 9:30pm uk time tomorrow. Tune in here: 
I love towie and I don't care

 yay! awesome. thanks man. you're welcome at a show anytime

NEW SONG - 'One' - 
 likewise, come down whenever !

Koko ticket link:  Vicar Street ticket link: 
Multiply gig venues will be Koko, London on Monday afternoon &amp; Vicar Street, Dublin on Monday night tickets on sale now!

Mondays shows won't be full shows as I have to fit 3 in a day in different cities and countries, but il fit in as much as possible

 chuffed works well, or 'buzzin'

Had my first ever  single in Australia this week. Yay dot com forward slash yay

  EXCLUSIVE:  is playing  in NYC on June 14th &amp; we are hooking you up w/ tix ALL WEEKEND!

 ultimate lad

 agreed, watch Ray Donovan though, it's badass

Watched the whole of Ray Donovan season 1 on the plane and it's fantastic. TV shows have got so good recently

A brand new song and video from my second album x drops at 1pm today uk time, look out for it

 I hope you don't ever regret it! Lovely to see you all again

All done in NZ and Australia. What a full on trip of awesomeness. Thanks for being amazing, as always x

 love your work, and thanks for being so safe about me being a bit silly, see you soon

 you know what, those things got taken way out of context, and blown out of proportion, I'm all for the set, it's killer

 she knows you're a certified lengman in your bits

 thanks for covering my song dude ! Legend

 lovely to see ya yesterday ! See you next time we are over !

Just made a cameo on  playing myself. Apparently it's a role I was born for

  Then you need to see a doctor.   looks like my left testicle

Moving my 'new video' day to Fridays now. Just cause. So, brand new song going up online this friday at lunchtime. One at 1

New Zealand -Auckland multiply show ! 
Yay   Have you checked out  new  yet? He smashes it! &gt;&gt; 
So happy to be back in New Zealand. The hobbit in me is at home

 heroic for buying it on iTunes. I must be 1 of 9 who's actually ever done that

 let's write a song then !

 that guy is a hero

Sydney multiply gig  
Sydney multiply gig  2 ( was in a high school) 
The first 50 people that arrive at the oatley street entry to the paddington town hall will get free tickets for tonight's show. Good luck !

 epic nights. I'm proud of you

 thanks guys ! Legends

  All info re  North American dates is in the news section of his website

Up and at them in Sydney, long day of promo but doing some super fun thing. Australia, I love you a supreme amount

  What's your favourite line from   &gt; 
  Hey everyone! My album is out today! Please check it out, buy it if u like it, &amp; spread the word! ThankYou! 
Melbourne multiply show  
Melbourne multiply show  ( was a house gig) - onto  now ! 
   Sing - Australian iTunes link....lets keep this at number 1 
rise and shine for breakfast TV, lots of gigs today around Melbourne, see you all soon

 i swear its the best instrument i have ever played. you guys rawk x

 lovely to see you, thoroughly enjoyed it!x

   I told you    
  orsum

Michael Gudinski is a lad

 I feel he would lead you astray

 cheers sugarplum

New video - 
 why arnt you at the logies? I was well excited about meeting you and you calling me ranga

 scroll down my timeline you phlegm, I congratulated you via Atlantic twitter. No faith damo, no faith

 lovely meeting you !

Trying to perfect my spin bowling technique 
gonna be dropping a video every saturday for a while. new songs on the way one after the other x

So happy to be back in Melbourne

Check out my F64 with   finally got me to do one - 
  -  | F64 [S3.EP51]: SBTV 
 base

My F64 with  goes live at midnight uk time

 sounds ideal, and accurate

 JME could be a fast food chain for lonely people too. 'Just me eating' catchy tag lines like that could win over the public

 I remember when an MC told me that he thought Mumford and sons was a food brand

Sing is out now in Australia. I am also now in Australia so I'm very happy about both things. Go grab it on iTunes and il eat a twix

 that's coz you are the best team evah

'9 days and night of Ed Sheeran' airs June 10th, 10pm on  First time I've let a film crew see every aspect of my life close up, tune in

Fank you buzzfeed - 
Graham's selfie 
 storytelling is awesome, really like that one

Just had a massive meal  and now I'm pregnant again.  you can name the bambino if you want, it's only fair

Did something for this lot today 
  So excited to announce I'll be supporting  on his UK, Ireland and European arena tour!! 
 new song is massive !

 fo real yo

Follow him, check out Saint Raymond on iTunes and go to his gigs  gonna be a fun tour innit

Happy to announce that my support act for the UK, Ireland and European arena tour is  download his chunes, see his gigs, enjoy !

 I feel u

Coming to Australia for promo, enter to win tickets to some secret shows here - 
   Aussie secret shows Melbs and Sydney. enter here!  
filming something cool tomorrow

  pagan

f64 with  goes live on saturday... il tweet the link when it goes live

 holy shit. Yes. Everything.

 thank you to you and everyone else who made the book ! It's wonderful

Cologne multiply show ! 
just got to Cologne and have an hour to kill before radio promo starts. new game of thrones? course

   fans.. If you wanna see him live at our Nova gig.. You can enter here 
 I like you

 our child could be Gregg Sheeran. Named after our favourite family restaurant, Gregg's

I'm gonna eat so much chocolate today I'm gonna turn into a Lindt chocolate bunny

Zurich multiply show ! 
Paris multiply show ! 
got sent this video of Stanley giving graham a bath 
 lad, you too !

 better to keep quiet and kill them over time with kindness and success. no on can argue with reputation and stats

 thank you so much for having me ! Legend

 true-dat

Playing in Paris now! Then Brussels tonight. Zurich tomorrow. It's all go in Europe

  far too many stories 'racking' up the hits, could get dangerous

 thanks dude ! See you soon

New Paolo Nutini album is brilliant

Within a week of radio plays and sales, SING is now my highest charting single ever in the states. Mental. Thanks to everyone supporting it

  Thank you so much for today, see you very soon !

 not yet, gonna wait for sing to settle at radio before dropping anything else, but sooooon

Shooting the video for SING today

 incredible

My first Seder 
  Monkey on back , shooting the talented   , great energy on set  
 was my pleasure ! Thanks so much man

 I'm not. Ezeh bassa

Mazel tov

Session with  done, photo shoot done, all of the stars video done, now off to a Passover dinner coz that's how I be livin'

  . taking on arenas solo: 
Also, my new album can be preordered here aswell - 
The fault in our starts soundtrack can be preordered here - 
  i got it and i'm not even in the country

for more tour details follow  he knows more about the stuff we can't announce then i do

announced some USA tour dates today, more to come soon - 
 you guys were da bomb, thank you so much for being so good !

big up the dude who makes the piano cover versions for the aeroplane backing music, always up to date

 thank you !!

USA announcement coming tomorrow

 E FUNK ! yes mate x

 i gave them a writing credit before it left the studio though, i took direct inspiration from the song

first tv performance of SING - 
check out a new song 'Don't' live on SNL - 
Loved that. Now, off to this infamous after party with  and the lads

Buzzing. Playing another song in a bit

At SNL, people of America, tune into NBC tonight x

 thanks maaaan, i try

i wrote the end credits song for the fault in our stars movie. its called all of the stars and will be out in about a month

USA people, announcement here - 
playing on Saturday Night Live tonight on NBC, tune in, innit

 thanks mate, you're a lad

  SING (&amp; dance)  
My 2nd album 'x' or 'multiply' is now available for pre order here - 
 lovely to see you man ! Hit me up later

 people need to know the way of the jujitsu beat

 i'm running a hotline now, you wanna be one of the staff? all you need to try to do is not f up the base. fi get leng

tune into  this morning, i'm on with 
 its true

new  interview - 
Just finished up a brilliant session with  and  Exciting stuff

 thank you, once again !

 lad lad lad

Gonna spend the next 10 minutes looking at animals wrapped up like burritos. I suggest you do the same - 
god bless the omelette's of the world

check it out, SING iTunes link -   - SING audio video - 
 legends

  yay !!

This is the album cover. The album is called Multiply. Goes up for preorder tomorrow x 
Rehearsing for SNL today

 I found all my Ralph hoodies too, so il send them along to you soon !

So happy with those radio adds. Yes mate

 thanks bro ! I'm very excited about this one

SING iTunes link -  - SING audio video - 
 that's on the next next one

There is also a deluxe album with 4 extra tracks. Those are - Take it back, Even my dad does sometimes, Shirtsleeves and I see fire x

Album track listing. Pre-order goes up on friday 
 legend ! Thanks man

 got you on in the car, if you play the new song il cuddle you

Birmingham, Stoke, Manchester and Liverpool all done today ! Off to America now for Saturday night live !

SING iTunes link - 
SING audio video - 
 you guys are da best

 big love man

 YES CRAIG !! Legend

 AHLAHMLAHLAH

here are the links for iTunes and youtube again for anyone who wants them x - SING -   - 
also woke up and SING is  on iTunes in the USA, which is mental

day of regional radio stuff, can't wait to visit all these cities, gonna be a good day

. is about to spin my new single again x

 ugetme

SING -  - 
 told ya you might dig it ! Thanks for the kind words

 you da bes

 love you cuz x

 you legend

Today has been incredible

Thank you so much for all the positive feedback on SING, please keep sharing, preordering and downloading :) you guys are da bomb xx

  thanks for spinning the tune !! Legends

Buy or preorder SING here -  xx

Going in live right now on google hangout ! Tune in here - 
The single goes up for preorder tonight in Germany Ireland UK and Australia ! I will post the link soon ! Xx

Round the world*

Keep watching iTunes round the work. Sing should be up for sale in every country except UK, Ireland, Australia and Germany, EP for you soon

Tune into  for the google hangout soon. Q&amp;A coming up !

Check out my new single SING, full audio up now - 
Tune into radio 1 now

  Tonight at 7.30pm  is joined live by  for the World Premiere of 'Sing'  
  RIP Peaches Geldof, my thoughts are with her friends and family especially her children.

  My interpretation of  'Sing' playing for first time tonight  
Once the first play has happened, please badger your local radio station to play the song as much as possible, wherever you are in the world

Day of tv and press done. Off to see  now for him to give the first ever spin of SING. Tune into  around 7

Still gonna use the loop pedal on live shows, but need full band for tv shows as the songs take too long to build. Hope that clears it up

  Get ready for new music from  Watch the teaser for his new single here  
SING - by the amazing   
  . talks his  single &amp; being a sex symbol in our full cover story:  
On with  on  having a chat tonight at 10pm

more info on here - 
got a day of press leading up to the reveal of this - 
preview - 
not long til the worldwide premiere of SING, after  plays it on  i will be doing a google hangout thing so watch out for that

 issit doe?

1 more day until the full version of SING is premiered. Keep sharing the preview video x - 
 this made my life

 can't wait to hear it on Alice ! You guys rawk

Keep sharing, hear the full song Monday on  Radio 1, 7:30pm uk time - 
The reaction to the little preview has sparked a lot of ovary chat. Which can only be positive

X

Doing a special live stream on Monday at 9pm GMT/4pm EST send in your questions 
 acoustic preview - 
 
 lovely to see you today, bring back the slewing matches

Acoustic preview video of SING going live in 2 and a half hours...

a short live preview of SING goes up tonight at 8pm UK time, be by your computers x

  This week's  features  on the cover - and yes, we have details about his new music. 
x

My 2nd album is called 'x' or 'multiply' and will released on the 23rd of June worldwide. Can't wait for you guys to hear it

   listen to us LIVE on Monday at 4pm when  plays  new single Sing for the FIRST TIME! 
  Upgraded Stockholm venue!! 
looking forward to releasing new music finally. yay dot com forward slash yay

just the way that the countries radio's work, but you'l get a full EP of cool shit further down the line

the song will go on sale monday night in every single country except UK, Ireland, Germany and Australia, you guys have an EP in a month

in all countries round the world, check your local radio station to find out when first play is

7:30 pm uk time by the way for the  show monday

 will be seeing you soon smallzy ol buddy ol pal

 i'm well excited. do your chris brown love more dance to it


European tour tickets went on sale today, here's the link for tickets x - 
Well, no point in countdown now is there. Monday, 7:30pm, Radio 1, Zane Lowe is premiering my 1st single from the new album. Tune in x

Congrats to the guy that signed me. Ben is now the big bawse. 
 epic !!

3 days and counting, Mr bond

  Got a question for  Ask it here &gt;&gt;  and he might answer it for you on MTV! 
4 days til the thing

 you want some aloe Vera for that burn?

 you're a bad ass mother mr yamie

  We'll be adding more  clothing to eBay tomorrow, so keep an eye on the page for more cool clothes 
My kitten  has some news to tell you next week, follow him for details

 comes with me everywhere i go so i can let people know when they are hashtag leave it

 thanks for getting up ! legend

Sunrise skyline photo shoot was a success. Onto more radio and international press 
 turns out they have country music in England 
Up the top of a very tall building doing a photo shoot of the sunrise. Amazing view of London

Press day done, 18 European interviews done, roll on tomorrow ! 5 days to go

Rest in peace Triona, so heartbreaking x

Head or Heart by the very talented  is out now worldwide ! i feature on a song too innit :) check it - 
 you need to follow me to DM x

6 days to go

Back on this crazy promotional train

  Twin Cities!  will be playing  16th! you must win your tickets from  here:
European tour dates announced today - 
 get well soon dude and il see you when I'm over in October xx

 give me her twitter if you can

 just tell me what you want me to do then, no one has told me

 il sort this in the morning if that's cool, but itl get sorted

 I've just seen them but no ones telling me what they want me to do so I'm abit confused

 or who to tweet

 I've just seen all these tweets but no ones told me what it's about?

7 days to go

 new twitter yeah!?

 prejudiced innit

 that's some real shit

 so do I

 freeze the woooooorrrlllld

Happy Mother's Day urrrbody 
 *pats slowly on the back and then ruffles hair*

8 days

For anyone in need of a smile - 
Just ate a life changing risotto and now I'm pregnant

 yayayayay!

 depends which way you look at it

Good day of promo in Paris, 9 days to go

Innit    performing at   on May 10th at the  TICKET INFO:
  was a good one

Me and  at the Royal Albert Hall for the teenage cancer trust - 
 I'm serious, I wanna do d'angelo style backing vocals

 fully up for that !

 yay :) glad ya dig it man, I'm excited

 dya like it?

Stuff ranging from the Ralph hoodies, Fenchurch t shirts and nike trainers. Everything's been worn on shoots, videos and gigs. Have a look

Clothes are in Framlingham charity shops for anyone that is interested - 
 it has to happen

Just hanging out with my d00ds 
 come out early and wel get orrrn it

  insane.     
 I loved it. Thank you for having me in such a wonderful venue

  oh you two

Royal Albert hall ! It's good to be back gigging in the UK x 
 the silent killer

 do you release your music at 
 I'm gonna release it, il start with that and see what happens

 yip

 I reckon you'll like some of the new stuff, and if you don't, then we can still cuddle

For all updates on gigs, follow  For updates on kitten stuff, follow 
  Another one, San Diego,    Summer Kick Off Concert on 5/9! Hurry and get your tix! 
       on 5/11! More info here: 
Demo-itis

Given my whole wardrobe a bunch of charity shops. All stuff worn on shoots, videos and live, if you live around suffolk it might be near you

You never see Piers from  or the Southampton manager in the same room...

A morning of football highlights and cups of tea, onto a roast lunch, perfect Sunday

  everyone listening/posting + sharing my leaked album are all really hurting my feelings.

 very excited for this. It's a chuuuune

Make a difference this  with  
7/4/14

  One more announcement!!!  will return to host our April 12th show, with music from    
Cats out the bag, playing Saturday Night Live with some new songs on April 12. Aweshum

Love the YG album

Me and  wrote a song called 'Hotel Ceiling' on this here EP here for our mates Rixton - ... 
 I'm seeing a different side to you, you dark house you

 
About to watch 'No one lives'. I wonder what happens. 
 shame about you innit

 yay !

 sounds so awesome, you sing the shit out of it

Brb

 lad

 oh indeed

 Marlo wins

Graham is getting chubby 
 new video is absolutely brilliant

Fault in our stars

Rehearsing

Like, what the hell

When I was a child I thought the film Batman and Robin was the best thing to ever happen. Watching it back now I'm thoroughly confused

 wait til tomorrow, then regret will come

 there is legitimately not better man or team for the job, you gon' kill it

 your tweets are ladtastic

 selecta

Simpsons watchin'

 you gat the best tweetz

G unit looking f-habulous  
 tune is brilliant

happy to announce my support act for the teenage cancer trust gig at the albert hall is  good shit

 course you flair

Just had breakfast with  love that guy

 oooooooh new album is it?

Very excited about everything

this is just plain odd - 
why is the star wars holiday christmas special a real thing

travel time

  NEW VIDEO | 'Simple Days (Mikill Pane Remix)' by Button Eyes [ x Mikill Pane: 
This is what I look like marinating 
 its to be expected

Thank you WB and New Line Cinema, you guys rock 
 cheers, nice one

One for the wall 
 you locked off my card, so was ringing to unlock it

 just no one picks up, I rung every number they told me to ring and was on hold for a long time, hung up after 45 mins

 keep up the good work, you guys keep me going

The man  new album came out this week. It's fantastic, grab it here - 
 remember when they were 10p? The struggle is real

In New York, watching Machete Kills eating Oreos.

 your customer service doesn't seem to exist

  paco rabane, it's called million. I'd have my own brand cologne but would have to called it 'Sweat and shame'

One day this will be me 
Wazzzzzaaaaahhhhh 
Starting the promo run today

Watch what happens next.

this happened last night and it was awesome - 
  Happy to announce  will be playing V Festival this year. Tickets on sale this Fri, 9am. 
This whole thing is a bit of an experience I must say

Lads on tour 
Real life face swap 
  Guess who's playing a special set for us tonight?  is our performer of the evening at the 2014 
  Morning of champions.  is a rock star. For signing all your prizeo prizes for  
Playing the EJAF event today

 cuddles

 but on the plus side you have Internet in the air so it ain't all bad, we shall reunite soon

You don't make friends with salad

Jetlaggin' Sherlock watchin'

 fell asleep, on my way

Back in LA

 Ben and ed do try though

 and that's what counts

The Raid is so awesome

  he looks sassy

Dyson should make a full body air blade for after showers

The grinch is a changed man stuartcamp73 
 I have that hat too omgz

Back in with Phillip who's drawing the next album cover. He drew the first one too... Check it out.. 
  Meow meow

Graham is a little rock star  
Now here is a picture of a half grown camel 
Also, been announced as a headliner for T in the park, as well as Beefah and Yorkah rockz

Back in the country and the Revs new album is out - 
Going to Africa, see y'all when I'm back x

 
Trying to watch Sherlock mate 
Ah ! 
Follow my kitten coz he's small 
Daddy's home  
Lovely to visit  today. They do some amazing work, give them a follow x

New video diary - 
so many lovely birthday messages, sorry i can't reply to all of them. gonna eat sausage and mash and watch old family videos tonight x

here's what i've been up to - 
Video diary dropping today as an un-birthday present from me to you guys

Thanks for all the birthday wishes !

Gonna watch this now with my 'you mug' mug. Ah yeah 
Or dis 
Possibly the coolest birthday present ever... 
Fanks for all the birthday love, you special people

I'm 23 tomorrow

 are you the giver or the receiver though? That's the question

Jimmy making his own cider like an absolute lad

Watching  friday night feast. Now I'm hungry

 yo that's legit

 the struggle is real

Dese da Red Octobers 
On a David Attenborough hype

   Watchtower video shoot with  lol 
 absolutely

 I'm so proud of you

 I feel u

 you're an amazing role model with the ability to teach through lyrics, all this other stuff just makes you more powerful

I read that interview

 it's all about salt and vinegar all over fish and chips with a battered sausage

 seaside fish and chips

 congrats man, smashing it

Atlantic city is such a brilliant song

Patek

Wrapped the first video.

 it's a tough life when there's no sign posts to hang off

 oh not doing much, just chilling in the street hanging on a a sign post, you know how it is

shooting a music video today. for one of my songs. ooooooooooo

This is the coolest photo ever 
filming  thingz today

 jheez not in front of everyone

 
 I'm proud of your dreams

If you took will i ams new song literally, he is getting live chickens sent to his house daily. Fair play. I'd get llamas sent to mine

Gonna finally see Wolf of Wall Street tonight, I don't Leo has done a film I haven't loved

  Woolf makes those power moves

 fanks darlin, apples and pears

 I came home to a very friendly Stuart, who also raved about the pie. Bring some in a Tupperware box and we can reheat !

  Who's tuning in? 2/9 at 8pm The Night That Changed America: A Grammy Salute to the Beatles   
gonna go and be a lad and watch the football with a pint and pie

 coz yolo innit

Round round in that

Fo real   I see fire.  
Porridge is so awesome

 I'm so sorry for your loss man

When you're healthy you have millions of wishes, when you're sick you have one wish, to be healthy again.

Love me a bit of Germany. European tour dates announced soon

I meant to say I'd. Autospell innit

I knew you had stubble on your chin

 He's bogged down with all the rimming requests at the mo

 marry me?

    what are ya tuxedo shopping for? a tuxedo

 
 beer and a bed and il do it :)

 I told you to get in the car you plum

 greazey

 hold tight da wobble

  shwag

 busy day then?

 not wearing a onesie today then?

Jammin 
 you're a salad from whimpy on a Tuesday afternoon

 you're a fruit salad with bits of carrot in it

 you're a salad

 is that new slang for gak? Coz I'm glad your missus closed the door on that one

Still in the studio. Time off was boring anyway

 sweet, boswell is a lad i'll DM

  awesome sauce, i am a big fan

  I love that you tweet stuff like this

We be all night, innit

  keep it up man !

 I did actually have no laptop then. If you send it now il check it out obvz

 hungry?

Bruno is forever a lad for that performance. lad lad lad

  i take my inspiration from this - 
 and i shall innit

 fanx

rewind, repeat it

  kiss me went on the album week of print so anything possible innit x

  you should prob put it on the album 
jammin' with 
 I feel u bro

Making my house look like a home today, I'm actually enjoying cleaning

 more concerned with this 
 we do, he just doesn't tell you

 tw nav

I don't know what flap flap is and I don't want to know

 English slang yes mate

 see yo ass in October

Sung Lego house for the first time ever with a band tonight with  at her London show. Orsum, thanks for all the love

 I'm happy you're back to normal

I'm glad I live in a world where my kitten has 63,000 followers on twitter

 grumpy cat!? What happened to you!? You used to be cool... You've changed man

 waddle waddle waddle

 OMG you going!?!?

 innit, i havent even heard of some of these countries

 nah, FTFC

 theres one in the venue youre playing 5 nights at. trussst me, its amazing

just got my diary for the next year through. yikes

Feed me chicken

Photograph

 graham doesn't like you

  i only set it up coz chris always has an achey arm ironically

I set up  tinder coz he's lonely

They call it a winning formula coz it usually works I fink

  Wanna set up an InstaGraham but can't be bothered coz I don't have thumbs

Gotta just let a song be what it is

 not following anyone, but I see your tweets innit

 your Instagram is the result of years of mind enhancing drugs I think. So random, yet brilliant

 although raffa is a lad

 I'm disappointed by all 3 confessions

  Thanks Ed! More info here:    Just posted a photo 
Graham 
Just posted a photo 
   will headline a Teenage Cancer Trust show at the Royal Albert Hall, March 24. Tix on sale Fri am..info to follow.

Gig announcement happening tomorrow morning UK time. Follow  coz hel do the announcing

Gonna finish watching Spartacus, he's abit of a lad

something said in jest when i was drunk is being misquoted now, just wanna make it clear i genuinely like mileys music a lot

Stuart being Stuart 
my mate rapping over 100 songs in 4 minutes innit - 
flying back home to  now

Hanging out with JEDWARD now. Jepic

Well this wasn't the worst way to end a Monday 
Playing a gig with the Beatles tonight. Casual

It's a tabasco on scrambled eggs kind of morning

Cheers Gucci for the suit and shoes. Gonna wear my Grandads tie though 
rehearsing for something special tomorrow night right now

 ladies and gentleman, baby chickens

oh, and i met the mother of dragons last night so that was awesome too

should be a fun day whatever happens

 thanks gozzo x

 thanks man !

 started. started from... started from the

been awake for 24 hours now, that bulletproof coffee did its job but worked overtime

I imagine the outcome to look like a old school take that video if the shower switched on by accident

I've got into a habit of writing songs on my own sitting down in showers. Thankfully they aren't switched on or it could be messy

 i can give it my best shot !

  i beg pardon brother, i meant only to show gratitude

 yeah i'll give you that

 thanks for all the continued love !

 thats creepy as shit

gonna get me some bulletproof coffee, not to be confused with the monk

 holy shit this is awesome

 the struggle will not be televised

 i'm orrrrrnn it

 he needs to learn really i think

 fanks :)

 i'm proud of you boys

 gotta rent a scuba suit !

Ah jetlag, we meet again

 Jupiter's cock, you barbarian scum, have some decorum

I would have words

Spent the last month watching Rome and Spartacus and now talk like they do from time to time. You lack honour

Back in Los Angeles for Grammy stuff and other cool shit

 OH HAI !

 standard, gotta mix in some medium sauce with it though

  remix innit

Graham needs a lot of TLC, have a feeling his previous owners weren't that nice, he's shy too

Me and graham  
 the struggle is real

 i feel u

follow him for cat updates and general kitten chat 
So basically this one month old kitten was gonna get put down so I adopted him and called him Graham. Just bought Graham a bed and snacks

Confirmed to play Pinkpop

 swag

Just got a worldwide record sales figures sheet through and I have sold 1 record in Lao. Big up that person from Lao all day long.

  1896: Wealthy bachelor Ed Sheeran is found dead on his bedroom floor, gassed to death while clutching his trousers. 
 this is amazingly odd

 holy shit man. I'm super proud of him. That's incredible

  good lads

 Katniss is on a GMT

 it's gonna be a smash I reckon

It just ended and now I'm confused. Resolve please

Finally watching catching fire

I see fire went to  in Sweden and Norway this week. Yay dot com forward slash innit

 obvz dude x

 ketchup is inked on my body. ketchup is doing fine.

 too busy singing along to the chunes

 i apologise. youre right. peas add the va va voom to the meal

 j'a'mean doe

 boiling peas too obviously. taking me for an idiot. come on.

cooking sausages, mash and gravy listening to n dubz greatest hits

 gotta resort to fingers clicks in a 'z' formation then

  the fact I didn't know about season 4 excites me no end, and I feel like I've missed out on everything

Up early for a session with 
 all he needs is a hug and a belly rub and hes good to go

 chisnarm. you're forgetting i'm a cat person. i just like how pugs look like their whole world has ended and they need a hug

 your cat is on a IAMS vibe

  Ed pub artwork 
 sheba hype

 your cat moves on a waste man ting

pugs are making me appreciate dogs

  due to phenomenal demand Ed Sheeran adds extra dates to his massive UK tour (    
 likewise man. Come round mine next time and il cook up some fajitas like a champ

Just had the most amazing meal with  what a lad

 sorry mate, best of 3, and I brought my own controller

 I think I won that game

Eating a lot of food with 
Schnubbed

Certain labels have an imagination barrier.

 gmt

Just watched  at the hammersmith. Great soul show

  Meow dot com forward slash give me some Sheba

 nah 
 I would've but I wasn't sure if I should or not ! I will next time :)

 my dad is a fan too

 seems to only go to my laptop now rather than my phone, i smashed it up and got a new one and now get nothing

 wid base

 don't have to ask me twice, I'm down !

 Ello, will be there next week man !

 I can hear you from downstairs


 wazoo'd up

 I mean album stuff innit. Gonna spend a month painting warhammer figures like I'm 10

 depends if you're good to me or not

1975 should've got a few Brit nominations

Taking a month off after the Grammys. Cool shit will begin after that.

 we also win on hotdogs coz they come from a butchers and not a can 
 word to big bird

Watched the Mandela film tonight. Idris is the ultimate lad-ctor. Just made that word up, gonna run with it

Hanging out with  meow

drunk in love is a screwface tune

 fanks

I wanna see what cables and wires get up to behind closed doors. There's no way of them not getting tangled up, frisky wee things

 I love toblerone. Il have yours

Good week up North id say

=

Only just found out it's 'kiss a ginger day'. Step forward for our kind that is.

Had a good night out in Sheffield with  showed me some mad music from round the world, great stuff

had a good night with  in the highlands, the boy has some serious stories

 homie you be dreaming if you think kenan is scheming

 simpsons lego is coming out too

 holy shit, no, thats the ewok village !

 aw here it goes

 ma car move when i aint drivin iiiit

 fanx :)

 with some womens wid my fingers in dey hair

udabes

for my first UK arena tour on sale I'd say its going well so far. thank you everyone whos got tickets x

more dates added for the UK and ireland tour. check my profile photo for dates and shout  for details x

 you caught me. you did yours the other way round innit, cool kid in school, xbox star wars fan in later life

 oh shit, that was just a flashback, sorry about that

 you bring it on yourself son. if you must insist to wear crocs with socks to school with your hotwheels bag, not much i can do

poor Stu, be nice to him

so nice to see shows selling out without an album to promote yet. more dates added, hit up  for details

 lad

 thank you man !

 Udabes mang

 shucks, thank you dude !

Follow  for all the updates on tickets and more shows

Tickets from the uk and Ireland tour on sale in 7 hours from -  x

 i'm doing my best to create a better world with equal opportunities for people with hair the colour of a moroccan sunset

 the struggle is real

yes mate  for the brit nomination. thoroughly deserved that one.

tickets for the UK and Ireland tour go on sale at 9am tomorrow morning from here -  cheers m'dears x

me and  are having our 5 year anniversary this year, how sweet

  
 hope youre good man !

 man, ive missed nandos so much. the corn on the cob is not the same anywhere else

i'm up here in the mountains

 thank you, and i pride myself on being weird, its the way forward

 why thank you ! i cant wait to stick out the new stuff

 thanks man !

 dats coz your awesome

getting stuck into Rome season 2

Just bought an apple crumble for 10p. God bless Scotland

 the lads, sure who else like?

 up them

 my life is one big hiccup sometimes. I once had and lost them 3 separate times in one conversation

 il be back for the Grammys CC !

I am in Scotland

Time for a new picture methinks

 haha, why not, call away

 lizo has been my hero since newsround

i read this article this morning and it was a good way to start the day, hopefully it is for you too - 
  thanks bro ! I remember that show well ! soon to be you in the big rooms, i'l be raving at the back like a madman

Germany, I love you. thanks for making my Hobbit song 
 just close your eyes and tug, should work eventually

 your bar mitzvah was only 3 years ago though steve?

  -  Announces First UK Tour Since 2012 [News] - 
 base to the face

  the new album will be out by time of the tour, news on that soon..

any questions you have, ask  he's got the answers yo

I'm back on tour in the UK and Ireland this October -  On sale Friday morning xx

  RE: US NEWS 
  Have always said it was geographically specific to UK and Ireland...if it isn't already clear, it will be soon...

   this is NOT album news...

just over half an hour

UK and Ireland announcement coming 9am tomorrow. rest of the world will be soon but not tomorrow. sozza

 cheers skeletori

 base

  A little over 24 hours to go before   announcement..

Lee ryan has quotes for days

I'm so excited to put this album out. So excited

 the first one is sushi. And the other one I think is a camp table cloth

Adding a last minute song to the album

Announcement coming January 6th

Time out

Just seen a man walking round with 2 parrots on his shoulders. Hero

 trying to bond with the old man brick top

My heart will always be with Framlingham town FC though. I was a good sub

After 22 years, my dad has finally converted me into a Chelsea fan

 hold my phone

 = 
 and UFC = a weekend in Slough

 baseball = rounders, basketball = netball and American football = rugby. I'm sorry

 I don't know why I'm watching it but I am

 of course. Ps, I like you sugarscape, thank you for always being kind and stuff

 thank you for creating it man

 you too man !!

 kindergarten hype

 not sure, but it's pukkkkaaa. Merry Christmas (for 3 days ago) !

My jacket is so huge and puffy I look like a 4 year old walking to school. Sleeves over hands

 thanks so much for yesterday man, you're a legend

 great fish and chip shop near the arts centre

I got over exited creating stuff. Calm down

 thamas sabo hype

no.6

 shiiiieeeeeeeet

 allow your dreams

 I still got bars of insults though, just wait

RPF 
 i'm proud of my old tweets jam jam

What if the Hokey Cokey really is what it's all about?

 you almost ruined it

Another Christmas another monopoly game. That got intense 
Merry Christmas world

Blackadder Christmas carol yes mate

 love to the family smiffy !

 thank you BBC one, i definitely will

David Attenborough's Africa is blowing my mind

Mini mince pies for dinner? Would be rude not to

 - 
 I don't know which Barbie he did though

 action man is my dad

My Instagram is  teddysphotos, my name was already taken

 ... 
Having a fantastic time this week I must say

 but it is though

Got the new guitar today for the next album campaign and tour. Thank you  it's beautiful

family time for the win

final day of the  auction for a date with me, we are very close to the target, anything can help - 
 i love that

 this is the best thing I've ever seen

    loved it lads x

  major congrats guys, really chuffed for you

Rag N Bone Man is next up - 
. died aged 15 from cancer. Please support her charity single xx 
few more days left to bid for the date with me for  very close to the target ! - 
 not the espressos you like, thats where this problem began !

hobbit song on the attack once more. excellent news

  Our  did the music for the trailer for Edge of Tomorrow.  Buy the song here: 
i think my body clock is broken

yes - 
 mobile phones do exist ya know

 the first step is admitting you have a cheeseburger problem

Hobbit is out today. Go watch it coz it's awesome.

Family is everything

 nice balls

  Video Premiere: Watch   ft.  music video on  now!

 
back at  in New Zealand with the hobbit tune. I love you kiwis i do

 you never tweet so this is an honour

  Congrats to    and  with 2 nominations! 
Oh, apparently I got 2 nominations. Super sweet wicked awesome

Got nominated for best new artist at the Grammys. Awesome sauce. Very happy right now

all i'm saying is you need Ted Sheeran in your life - 
Rest in peace 
2 years of record making right here folks 
Finished. And I managed to get Rick to smile in a photo. 
  Tha tuff guy face for tha tuff LOVE and PASSION for creating music...Ed Sheeran teddysphotos 
yesterday i sung on a mustard beat 
18 days left on the  auction to win a date with me. raise money for a good cause and eat sushi here - 
Leaving twittersphere til things repair, il be back on to tweet updates on only music until the new year

Just watched Drake's show

 kinda awesome innit!?

TU 
 yeeeeah buddy

Um.

there are a lot of words i cant spell

 thank you !

 soon as the album is done famalam, soon !

Or Sid

Syd Owen is a geezer

 
 terrifying

 turnip

 love that !!

 would be rude not to really. Waddle waddle waddle waddle

 gmt

check out what happened when i did sesame street - 
 
 you're perfect, don't ever change

 i put mine up December 18th last year, does that make me the grinch?

 you americans with your christmas decorations

 i'm done for the year but will be back next year for album 2 stuff !

 thanks man, glad you liked the show ! thanks for all the continued love

 what are you talking about? our first single 'pale white people in Berlin' drops next week

rappers should smile more in pictures

   donate scott, you melt

 fanks

 word to big bird

 wow. And that was my first job, still have the hoodie !

 haha, thanks sugar

 what's the first reply? I can never see them. And nah, I'm gonna go into catwalk stuff I reckon

In People magazine's sexiest man alive issue, out today. Very strange 
Tick tock

I'm meant to be recording but.... 
 you know the respects mutual, just wanted to set the record straight on that one

  karma

 must've been Chinese whispers then, all I'm saying is I was fine with it coming out, just not that week

My mates just got engaged and I'm the best man. I deeeed it

 I've done songs for tonnes of people that have come out and it's more about scheduling it than actually blocking it

 the reason it couldn't happen is coz you wanted to release exactly the same day as mine, we said the week after would be fine

AH LAHMLAHLAH

  Wanna go on a  w   for your chance to win &amp; support   
Dallas Buyers Club was brilliant

A new discovery : cats like Pokemon 
Unless it's Phillip Pullman, then I should read it

I need to stop reading everything

McBusted make me happy

All proceeds are going to Teenage Cancer Trust and Cancer Research

Rest in peace Georgina. all she wanted was for her music to be heard, so if you have them time, check it out x - 
I'm beginning to learn that the key to longevity in any form of career is humility and continued evolution

Back in the studio for the rest of the year to finish this album

  He sings,he plays guitar &amp; he might be taking you to dinner. Enter to win a night out w/  here: 
 imdabes and das a fak swagswagswagswagswag

 lovely to meet you too man ! I just got back so gonna load the cd on the old laptop :) looking forward to it

  4 years ago today the end of Just Jacks tour Ed's first national support tour. Good times   
Check out me mothers handmade jewellery -  
The real fun begins next year

To release a song middle of the week and have it chart without radio or tv is awesome. Thanks for all the support on the hobbit chune innit

Check the stage dive 
  Thank you everyone who has donated! This means a lot to all of the max staff and Eric and his family! Y... 
Tonight I crowd surfed and sung a song. Thank you to  and the gang for having me be the surprise guest at their show in Buffalo !

Amazing show   Screening new show to  and  11/19 ABC 
I See Fire - 
 legend

wow   The lasting shot    
3rd and final night at Madison square garden. What a way to end a tour 
so thats that then. tour is finished !

thanks to everyone that has come to the shows, see you next year when we start all of this madness again x

this is the final date of a 2 and a half year tour, last time this setlist will be played. its been a wicked journey so far

special guest opening act tonight at MSG is 
 ah ! Fank you :) good to see ya at foys

           
 happens to me all the time

 in uk now, orsum

nap time

 its slipped to  now innit

 either or, its awesome seeing itunes stuff again

 thanks man !

 its definitely up there yup !

ooooh, and  in Canada. eh eh

this isn't gonna be a radio song, or a tv music channel song, its just for the movie, so to see it  in UK and  in NZ is epic. love x

or watch the video here - 
loving seeing I See Fire in the itunes chart, glad people dig it, if you havent heard it yet, check it out - 
Watched  tonight in New York. Such a good live act, love them

 thanks a$ap denim. buzin'

  thanks lads, glad you dig the song. still playing your album alot, its brilliant

I See Fire - 
 i look comfy though

 hashtaggin'

 glad you dig it man, i finally get to sing about my heritage of being short and hairy

Amazing day out at the Bronx zoo

Music video is here also - 
If anyone hasn't heard the song I did for the new hobbit movie, check it out here - 
Here's the music video for 'I see fire' for the new hobbit film -  and grab it here - 
I see fire ! - 


Okay, my new song for the Hobbit movie is up on iTunes everywhere now, finally. Il get the link for ya

 thanks cuuuuuz :)

  Hey  is the new  video THE DROP feature LA rapper  :D please  
  I see fire should be on iTunes everywhere within 24 hours. I have no specific info yet but if I do, will pass it on.


Follow  for more updates

It's also the first solo song I've released in over 2 years, it's not on the new album though, that fun starts next year

Big up Peter Jackson and his team for giving me the opportunity

I got the chance to produce and play all the instruments on it apart from the cello. Managed to learn violin for a day, hope you all dig it

The song is called 'I See Fire'

It goes live on iTunes later tonight, stand by for the links later on

I very happy to announce I have written and recorded the end credits song for the new Hobbit movie 'The Desolation of Smaug'

ANNOUNCEMENT TIME

  for the final time. NO. ALBUM OR TOUR ANNOUNCEMENTS THIS YEAR

Raising money for  auctioning off a date with me, grab a raffle ticket here - 
Midnight in every time zone that is

Midnight tonight...

   I'm a classy broad

   donate then son, I'm not putting out though if you win the date

New York New York

  If you watch Eminem sing with the sound off, it looks like he's giving directions to a very hard to find place.

 he's also incontinent, wee's a lot

  We're so excited!  has teamed up with  to raise money for  Go to  
something cool is happening 5th of november. or midnight of the 4th, whatever is better

Thank you to ms. Swift for being the surprise guest this evening ! 
Just got this plaque for worldwide sales. Crazy 
 thank you :) sorry, just saw this !

2nd sold out night at Madison square garden today! Support is  on at 8pm, she's brilliant

 see you next week fella !

And the Madison square garden night number 2 tomorrow. Aiiiiiiight

Playing a headline show at the mercury lounge tonight to 200 people. Did my first New York gig there 18 months ago, can't wait

Costume = sorted 
Got my costume

Last one from Sesame Street 
Finally got a band 
 see you tonight? Elmo is amazig

Hanging with my friends today 
Old school 
 the cop from village people. Do it

Wanted to find a Union Jack dress for tonight so I could be Geri Halliwell but it's just not gonna happen

 I didnt

 5th of November though, that's a good date

Filming for Sesame Street today, what?

Finished up my bit of the video shoot for mine and Lupe's song Old School Love 
  Last night at the Garden.  
 tis the name of it

Tenerife sea

Madison Square Garden. What a night 
massive love to  and the lads being the surprise opening act tonight, such an honour sharing the stage with these guys again

 have fun !!

 thanks man!

 why thank you !

 enjoy !!

 thanks bro !

  Support at MSG tonight is on at 8pm sharp....

  the big bad woolf

 love you man. turn up, as the cool kids say

  mark taped 12 together in one massive snout

  ive only had one

 thanks son !

  is anyone in the  queue at MSG? im coming out with my camera soon. say hello!!

  love those days as much as I love these

 see you out here man !

 thanks bro !

 thanks man !

 woooop !

 thanks man !

 im planning to sweat alot tonight too !

 thanks man !

 lots of love man ! see you soon

 to the FACE

  love that

 shaved and powdered. lots of love man !

 your emoji's make me happy

 thanks man !

 base

 all good man ! see you very soon !

 massive love man

I've got a very special guest opening up the show tonight, make sure you get here early, you won't be disappointed

 thanks brother !

 see you and the okwonga soon !

 thanks bro !

 i love that !!

 i'm not going anymore ! had promo stuff out here :(

 lad

 see you on the 7th son !

oh and a special thanks to  we started off just me and him in a mini van

thanks to the 175 people who came to the first date at southampton joiners, everyone at the gigs in between, and anyone coming to these

1st date of MSG is today, then two more, then the two and a half year tour for this album is done. what a way to end it

 fill me in?? make sure you take me to dinner first you minx

 why thank you macaroon

 need a cuddle son?

 that guy has moves

 may the force be with you

 nah, some 24 hour place innit

 thanks man !

if youre coming to the mercury lounge show on the 31st, you have to be in costume

this was my first next york show a year and a half ago and is around 200 capacity. tickets are here 
playing the mercury lounge the day before my second show at madison square garden...

 thats yazzzz :)

 tomorrow ! and got a surprise warm up act, you in town?

I'm in new york. watched despicable me 2 and ate a burger.

 y'all know

 sadly not, but I remember the one I had when I was 6 came with a pizza. Cutbacks

 100%

 he didn't look as cool in the packaging

 ah,, I'm on my phone, il grab it on the laptop. It's awesome

 I need that on a USB

Bought this chap today 
Debating eating Sunday airport quiche 
Can't wait    We're counting down the days! Pumped! 
         
       
Finally got round to getting the krept and konan record. Fantastic.

  New seats, level with side of stage, opened up for the first two  MSG shows, will tweet link as soon as I can..

 I heard it's incredible

in 4 days i play my first sold out garden, then get to do it 2 more times. so excited

 what a lass

 deep bro

remember, remember, the 5th of november.....

Legitimately thought this was a rug. It's actually a dog. 
 turned down breakfast this morning actually. I'm a disgrace to my race

 samwise gamgee is my son yeah

I haven't really worn shoes this week. Or socks. Maybe I am a hobbit after all

This man knows my pain 
  It's almost December which means time is running out to order your LX1E  Signature Edition!!  
On the plus side my bag smelt of peri peri for the next year

Before they sold the bottles in shops, 4 years ago I stole a big bottle of sauce from Nandos and it smashed in my backpack. Karma.

The food struggle is real

I brought 3 bottles of Nandos sauce to America and I spend my days finding grilled chicken to attempt to recreate the experience

 sadly not man, finishing the album over in ze states. Il be back soon

 now now

Making this album completely live with just a guitar and a loop pedal, 9 hour show everyday to 3 people, I love it

arg dot com forward slash i'm sleepy hashtag zzzz

Making the record with a loop pedal. Buzzin'

 that's so awesome

 it happens to the best of us

 I think this was for me, if so, see you soon and keep killing it, if not, stop tweeting yourself

 oh, you're back. Nice of you to join us

Nice way to wake up innit 
 you guessed it !

If you wanna catch up then awesome, but all I am doing is just tweeting links

17 inbox messages. 16 asking the same thing. I'm gonna take a break from doing that now, hope people are cool with that

I swear I promote other peoples music more than I promote my own on here

 just bought the album, I'm looking forward to listening to it but your face on the cover scares the shit out of me

 genius

  So....

Sweeter Than Fiction will be available at iTunes TONIGHT at midnight!  
 ah man, just got this, i wanna see one soon

 dangerous

 I'm proud of you. Get lairy and call the guy next you a melt

 still confused about that but thank you, I'm gonna start using it as a chat up line

Studio bound

My brother  new EP is out today. I feature on the song 'back someday' - hope you all enjoy it x - 
BACK SCRATCHAAAHH!? Back scratchah 
Just seen a lot of fun comedy on the Santa Monica pier. Mighty Boosh rockin' out

My good friend  debut album came out today. It's rather good, chekkkk it - 
Rick Rubin is a clever guy

Day 1 of album recording starts now 
I gave taking a break from work a try, better to be busy I think

 that's coming very soon :) thank you man

 Chinese deer and Chinese children? I dunno?

 *hangs head in shame*

Crossing, apparently

Until today I never knew what Xing meant. Now I do.

If anyone hasnt heard my tune with  its on his new album out this week - 
 i've been out of the country for a week, you just have bad dreams from the cheese

the corrs had some serious tunes

game of thrones genius - 
    what's this!? 
everything is happening at once

    ouch

two great records out today, new  mixtape -  and the new  album - ! enjoy !

 told you I could play the violin you pleb

 ello

Foy the boy - 
  Check the Headgone video by me and  exclusively on  now 
  it wont let me tune in in this territory, but i just google that now !

 i'm learning slowly. beautiful country

 funny you say that coz i legitimately had one of the best coffees of my life here yesterday

check out this track i did with  - 
 haha ! i love a good gif

 its raining sideways here at the moment !

 YES ! it was originally meant for no.5 collabs so i'm happy its finally got out there

 when did this happen!?

  . x   get the track everyone is talking about today on  
Great days work, roll on tomorrow

  Stream the 1st single off   Old School Love f/   
The new  album is out now. I feature on the song 'play it loud'. Grab it now and play it loud - 
In kiwi land making music for kiwi things

Disappearing nnnnnnnnnow *whoosh*

 dun know the sheep dem. hold tight the cows

 a train wreck

What do you reckon mambo number 4 was? Where is Lou Bega?

Toy Story is so bawsey

One of Eric Bana's best moments that film

Rest in peace Chopper

Lenny's new house is alright

    
i want to go and buy a bean bag today. that seems like a goal i should achieve

 thanks mang

 rest en peece my homie toopack shakoore. he was de best my respeck

 you think they could afford to make it with the units they sell

I leave again friday for a while

    i sadly wont be there but Dan will tell you why, its a pretty awesome excuse x

 his verse in talk dirty is the best thing to happen to radio ever. Everyone should buy their girlfriends pets if the sex is good

my urban music award from 2011 turned up today, better late than never

  . joins     &amp; more, performing   11/21! 
 we shall see in january if thats the case :)

 check out that tune I left on your YouTube too, it's odd

Was a rather nice day Tim Tim   Nice to see you today Mr Sheeran...  
 it's cool, I'm jumping on trap music now. It's the new in thing methinks

iMessage still isnt working. damn you iOS 7

   awesome

 samesies !

 use the force luke

 fo sho

  First dance for the newlyweds... 
The Woolf pack      
 just bought your thing off that iTunes thing innit

What an amazing weekend. Happy people at weddings make me happy

 love that tune

Life keeps getting more surreal

Bliss

Goin' beefa for a wedding innit

 I thought she'd wear Jordan's and a 'geek' t shirt

In Stuarts office. Wise words on the wall from Mr. Grumpy 
 you too man !

this is awesome - 
 i like keeping busy innit

 i did not ! whats up?

 healing well :)

Wrote a couple of songs yesterday, last minute studio session today to get them both down

  Get my CD/DVD 'A Moving Picture' featuring       
iOS 7 has destroyed iMessage

   i love that guy

   didnt drink so i'm fine and dandy. lib is grumpy though

 wag

Thanks to  for today, been a while

Ink

London 
Might've stayed up to watch breaking bad finale

Doing my first UK show in a year today. Playing 2 tunes at the O2 for the Unity concert. Great line up. Can't wait.

On the wagon

My best friend is getting married today. Mega awesome wicked cool.

My third show a Madison square garden is on sale now -  x

 da streeeeeetz

7 years of touring 
 nah, I thought it was the old school one from the mr wong video shoot? That was the one I ordered

 the other 700k will come next week, thanks for the durag

 yes mate

 happens to me every day, I feel your pain

 suits ya

 I met you 7 years ago. Where's my song?

I wanna meet drakes mate purely based in the fact his name is chubby chubb

 or we tell the world that we bout that life

Youl never grow if you don't take risks

  Pre-sales for  's 3rd MSG show (final show show this year) on 7th Nov, tomorrow noon local time, info on 
  'Room For light' is out!  

My third Madison Square Garden show goes on sale midday on friday New York time x

brb

 this is why youre a champion

 downloading now !

 just grabbed it, gonna listen to it on the flights home, best of luck with everything x

  on a million and 9

 big love!

 yes man !!!

 massive love man

 I just said goodbye to the Nashville house :(

Starting up a new career as an albino Charlie Chaplin 
Sung a whole load of karaoke with  Ultimate lads

 I'm waiting for my job offer to be a dancer

  what the hell

Today is the final day of the  RED tour, 6 months, 66 shows and a combined audience of 1.2 million people. So much fun

 wait and see what I do tonight

Day  of the RED tour: Nashville night 2! 
 nice to meet you  ! X

 if I were actually you, I wouldn't tell people I was you

 i shall check it out once i get to the venue ! looking forward to seeing it

 thats very sweet of you grumpy cat, thank you

 ahhh! lets hang tonight man

 im saaarry, cut up my hand pretty bad so havent been checking twitter that much. whats up?

  rightbackatcha gurrrrl

6 stitches

And now a flat tyre. This night is epic 
Thank you Nashville a&amp;e 
Oops 
Just sung I don't wanna be with  in a karaoke bar. Awesome

Day  of the RED tour : Nashville ! 
 erase the bar

 how rude

 i land monday !

 gum clinic?

 when's Nashville?

Doesn't help the cows though 
 you too man, see you soon

 did he 'arks' you a question?

 it's being killed by the same people who use the word 'pacific' instead of 'specific'

 
 if you can, I will love you

 see you soon dude ! And watch that episode, itl ruin your mind

 
Last 3 days in America

 house wife gaffer in full effect

 pleasure was mine ! See you soon

Delaware ! Thank you so much for that. Definitely needed it. Lots of love x 
Support at tonight's show is a brilliant band called  check them out

Headline show tonight in Delaware

  I approve of this message

 homeward bound yo

Marinating

 it had fluffy dice

 you have offended 
 legend

 or a golf mark 2

 you lad

 it's the normal mans remix

I woke up in a second hand ford focus. Urgh

 I respect you for that

  Talking tats  x  x   
  The meeting of the minds  &amp;    
 ello

At the  show in New York, having a blast. Urgh

 on a million

 yes !

Urgh 
Finished up 2 days with  Sounding nuts

I woke up in that new family wagon

 could well be

 not sure about the home made stuff, you make your own buh?

 desgustann

 il be there Thursday !

 kebab and chip

 I have it tattood on me

 you too man !

 I have not received my surfboard

 genius

 it's times like these I wished I carried a small bottle of it in my bag. Oh wait. I do. Ed : 1 - fancy steak restaurant : 0

It upsets me when restaurants think they are too good for ketchup. No one is too good for ketchup. Ketchup is too good for you.

 I get back Monday, so soon after that I imagine !

 i call it the best thing to happen to YouTube since 
 good thing you deleted that tweet about rimming

 I'm swinging by the office when I'm back I reckon

 I've heard a rumour that it might be yes

 just playing jungle to people gurning?

 wheel up selecta ya dun know max lousada in the place

 you sound like a garage DJ. Yes mate

 only Wendy giving Wendy's sadly

 it's on DVD, never too late

   check out this fab flashmob that the EACH Treehouse Choir did in Ipswich on Sat- pls  
 sweat and shame, the new fragrance by shizza

 7

 My flat. Final episode of breaking bad. Happening.

 is that actually a thing? Sounds epic if so

 
 again, amazing tweets

 this is why we are friends

I feel this is an important debate

Question : can you eat soup?

 and switch your phone off. Coz like, that helps too

  nah, still works

 
 this.

  I know, I'm only winding you up :)

 rightbackatcha

 hashtaggin

Alright 
  yesss !

 preach

  I'm gonna stay for the encore

  I'm offended you didn't come tonight. But yes. I will be out tomorrow

 violated

New York New York

 my mind feels abused after that

What!? Nah

 yeah mate

 nah mate, shits kicking off

 y'all know

 Walt was never bout that life

This show is giving me heart palpitations

 holy shit

  Breaking bad party in Ed's Breaking Bad hotel room. I don't even watch this show.

 typical Sunday night

 man. I'm not holding my breath for that, he's gonna destroy all of us

 shut up

Having a breaking bad party. By party I just mean a bunch of people watching it in my room. Epic

 oi hurry up

 
 ditto cuz x

Gettin' broody 
 yess !!x

Marks excited with this 
 I love the box !

 the christmas market in Baden Baden trumps everywhere id say

Day  of the RED tour : Charlottesville ! 
Just found a quid in my bag. Missing England. Home very soon 
   it's 100% legit

 
 fu fu moi moi

 that made me laugh coz I can imagine you there very excitable

 it's been too long x

 one. Week. !!!

 damn. I've only been to a Ghanian party before

 the  has a t in it already you melt

 and 'geeeeenius'

 oh and 'not being funny' and 'at the end of the day'

 I was doing a play on your words. This is coming from a man who's vocabulary consists of 'no' and 'mug'

  but you gave a piss

 he heard what you did last night and didn't wanna be associated with you

 I had to avoid out bus after marks 'incident'

 you're rubbish at tweeting

 I have laid claim to this bus. Louie sold it to me when he was drink for a tenner

It's almost 4:30 in the afternoon and I'm still in my tour bus bunk. Every day should be like this

 j'nahmean

 I thought your autobiography was like life of a thug : the DGA story?

 have a fantastic last show man, thank you for all your support

 a tale of two semis

 and 50 shades of David Gray a solid third

 sounds like a good book title if you ask me

 it would amazing if you had fans waiting at the airport for you

 good luck for first days of Uni mini gaff !

New York New York

  some final tix for  29th Oct MSG released for sale, link here... .

Murray : I would have sex with this gummy bear and I reckon it would be good 
  
 new tune is awesome man

Day  of the RED tour : Raleigh ! 
  
Meredith is not best pleased 
 I'm still working on my Kendrick reply. I've got two words so far. 'Yo, listen'

 you win the game of life because of this video. Lad. 
 throw some shapes darlin'

buy my trainers at   to support the fantastic  great charity for a great cause x

    I miss Betty

  
Day  of the RED tour : Greensboro ! 
 
 
 
 just being real

Back home soon though innit

My UK phone has been switched off for almost 5 months now. I should probably charge that up soon. Sorry to anyone trying to get in touch x

 anything

 eggin all the houses smashing all the pumpkins

 
