   Ooo yaa Bhakts ;) 

Another Election Promise Fulfilled by AAP .. No Election Jumlas OK  
  . Indian Team need you back in the squad.  if you agree.


  There is a limit to how high you can go, but depth of your lowness can be infinite 
  It has begun. The revolution has begun.    
  Jai Hind to all AAP volunteers who worked 100000 times harder than us!  AAPtard and Proud!!! 
   trending at number 1 worldwide :)   
  . will win the  He's telegenic and reassuring, even as promises a revolution. 
  Why doesn't BJP govt act against HSBC officials? They will spill the beans. US did precisely that(3/3)

  Deployed volunteers to keep round the clock vigil on premises housing EVMs

  after regrous work 4m 7amTO7pm on booth!

This tweet have made my Day finaly!

  Vote for AAP, my BJP Friends. Never make anyone the most Powerful. :)  
Ab Hoga 
 

 



 
  Hindu Muslim dono Khush Haal 

Only n Only With  

 

  

 
  Donations Today: Rs 73,32,806 by 2,165 donors   
  Media towards BJP and AAP.



Who is more loyal to his Master.

Dog or Media ?



 
  Col Sehrawat's election symbol Broom is on No.1 on the Bijwasan EVM machine,Do support him   
  Donations to  Today:Rs 77,08,243 by 2,2247 donors   

 
  BJP campaigning van has been littering pamphlets all around Central Delhi. What happened to Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan? 
  New twist in AVAM allegations. Video surfaced shows AVAM members were bribed to mud AAP.   
  This clarifies AAP's funding process. Please share extensively.   
  SPatra on TimesNow: ShellCompanies formed by AAP 4money laundering.

   |  AAP takes lead,  top choice for Delhi CM.



  
  So where is BJP's new CM candidate, Vikas Bedi? Born yesterday, silenced today? ;)

data structures sorting searching and graph algorithms 3rd edition pts 1 5 ebook pdf 
  Shocking! Control tag of EVM used in my constituency found on road! Full possibility of EVM tampering 
  What about this ??? 
  what about this???? now AAP is B team of BJP , right?? why so biased?? 
  Australia beat England by 281 runs, win Ashes series 5-0 
  I sincerely believe that it will be disastrous for the country (if  comes to power), says PM. 
  We will try that within 15-20 days, we will pass the Jan Lokpal for Delhi: Arvind Kejriwal

  A govt that responds on twitter :)   And the problem has been fixed... 
